able unable
unable able
abaxial adaxial
adaxial abaxial
acroscopic basiscopic
basiscopic acroscopic
abducent adducent
adducent abducent
nascent dying
dying nascent
abridged unabridged
unabridged abridged
absolute relative
relative absolute
absorbent nonabsorbent
nonabsorbent absorbent
adsorbent nonadsorbent
nonadsorbent adsorbent
absorbable adsorbable
adsorbable absorbable
abstemious gluttonous
gluttonous abstemious
abstract concrete
concrete abstract
abundant scarce
scarce abundant
abused unabused
unabused abused
acceptable unacceptable
unacceptable acceptable
accessible inaccessible
inaccessible accessible
accommodating unaccommodating
unaccommodating accommodating
accurate inaccurate
inaccurate accurate
accustomed unaccustomed
unaccustomed accustomed
acidic alkaline
acidic amphoteric
alkaline acidic
alkaline amphoteric
amphoteric acidic
amphoteric alkaline
acid-loving alkaline-loving
alkaline-loving acid-loving
acknowledged unacknowledged
unacknowledged acknowledged
acquisitive unacquisitive
unacquisitive acquisitive
acropetal basipetal
basipetal acropetal
active inactive
inactive active
active inactive
inactive active
active inactive
inactive active
active inactive
inactive active
active passive
passive active
active dormant
dormant active
extinct active
active extinct
active stative
stative active
active passive
passive active
active inactive
inactive active
active quiet
quiet active
actual potential
potential actual
acute chronic
chronic acute
virulent avirulent
avirulent virulent
adaptive maladaptive
maladaptive adaptive
addicted unaddicted
unaddicted addicted
addictive nonaddictive
nonaddictive addictive
additive subtractive
subtractive additive
addressed unaddressed
unaddressed addressed
adequate inadequate
inadequate adequate
adhesive nonadhesive
nonadhesive adhesive
adjective substantive
substantive adjective
adoptable unadoptable
unadoptable adoptable
adorned unadorned
unadorned adorned
cholinergic anticholinergic
anticholinergic cholinergic
adroit maladroit
maladroit adroit
advantageous disadvantageous
disadvantageous advantageous
adventurous unadventurous
unadventurous adventurous
advisable inadvisable
inadvisable advisable
well-advised ill-advised
ill-advised well-advised
aerobic anaerobic
anaerobic aerobic
aerobic anaerobic
anaerobic aerobic
aesthetic inaesthetic
inaesthetic aesthetic
affected unaffected
unaffected affected
affected unaffected
unaffected affected
affirmative negative
negative affirmative
acceptive rejective
rejective acceptive
afloat aground
aground afloat
afraid unafraid
unafraid afraid
aggressive unaggressive
unaggressive aggressive
agitated unagitated
unagitated agitated
agitated unagitated
unagitated agitated
agreeable disagreeable
disagreeable agreeable
air-to-surface air-to-air
air-to-surface surface-to-air
air-to-air air-to-surface
air-to-air surface-to-air
surface-to-air air-to-air
surface-to-air air-to-surface
alert unalert
unalert alert
algorithmic heuristic
heuristic algorithmic
alienable inalienable
inalienable alienable
alive dead
dead alive
apocrine eccrine
eccrine apocrine
artesian subartesian
subartesian artesian
live dead
dead live
alphabetic analphabetic
analphabetic alphabetic
altricial precocial
precocial altricial
altruistic egoistic
egoistic altruistic
ambiguous unambiguous
unambiguous ambiguous
ambitious unambitious
unambitious ambitious
ametropic emmetropic
emmetropic ametropic
ample meager
meager ample
anabolic catabolic
catabolic anabolic
anaclinal cataclinal
cataclinal anaclinal
anastigmatic astigmatic
astigmatic anastigmatic
anticlinal synclinal
synclinal anticlinal
anadromous catadromous
anadromous diadromous
catadromous anadromous
catadromous diadromous
diadromous anadromous
diadromous catadromous
anabatic katabatic
katabatic anabatic
anal oral
oral anal
analogue digital
digital analogue
analytic synthetic
synthetic analytic
analytic synthetic
synthetic analytic
analytic synthetic
synthetic analytic
inflectional derivational
derivational inflectional
apocarpous syncarpous
syncarpous apocarpous
angry unangry
unangry angry
resentful unresentful
unresentful resentful
sentient insentient
insentient sentient
animate inanimate
inanimate animate
animated unanimated
unanimated animated
enlivened unenlivened
unenlivened enlivened
animate inanimate
inanimate animate
anonymous onymous
onymous anonymous
antemortem postmortem
postmortem antemortem
antecedent subsequent
subsequent antecedent
antrorse retrorse
retrorse antrorse
aquatic amphibious
aquatic terrestrial
terrestrial amphibious
terrestrial aquatic
amphibious aquatic
amphibious terrestrial
preceding succeeding
succeeding preceding
precedented unprecedented
unprecedented precedented
prehensile nonprehensile
nonprehensile prehensile
prenatal perinatal
prenatal postnatal
perinatal postnatal
perinatal prenatal
postnatal perinatal
postnatal prenatal
preprandial postprandial
postprandial preprandial
prewar postwar
postwar prewar
retrograde anterograde
anterograde retrograde
antemeridian postmeridian
postmeridian antemeridian
anterior posterior
posterior anterior
dorsal ventral
ventral dorsal
appealable unappealable
unappealable appealable
appendaged unappendaged
unappendaged appendaged
appetizing unappetizing
unappetizing appetizing
approachable unapproachable
unapproachable approachable
appropriate inappropriate
inappropriate appropriate
due undue
undue due
due undue
undue due
apropos malapropos
malapropos apropos
a_priori a_posteriori
a_posteriori a_priori
apteral peripteral
peripteral apteral
arbitrable nonarbitrable
nonarbitrable arbitrable
columned noncolumned
noncolumned columned
arboreal nonarboreal
nonarboreal arboreal
arenaceous argillaceous
argillaceous arenaceous
armed unarmed
unarmed armed
armored unarmored
unarmored armored
armed unarmed
unarmed armed
armed armless
armless armed
armored unarmored
unarmored armored
artful artless
artless artful
articulate inarticulate
inarticulate articulate
speaking nonspeaking
nonspeaking speaking
articulated unarticulated
unarticulated articulated
ashamed unashamed
unashamed ashamed
assertive unassertive
unassertive assertive
associative nonassociative
nonassociative associative
attached unattached
unattached attached
affixed unaffixed
unaffixed affixed
sessile pedunculate
pedunculate sessile
sessile vagile
vagile sessile
attached detached
detached attached
stuck unstuck
unstuck stuck
attachable detachable
detachable attachable
wary unwary
unwary wary
attentive inattentive
inattentive attentive
attractive unattractive
unattractive attractive
attractive repulsive
repulsive attractive
appealing unappealing
unappealing appealing
attributable unattributable
unattributable attributable
attributive predicative
predicative attributive
pregnant nonpregnant
nonpregnant pregnant
audible inaudible
inaudible audible
sonic subsonic
sonic supersonic
subsonic sonic
subsonic supersonic
supersonic sonic
supersonic subsonic
auspicious inauspicious
inauspicious auspicious
propitious unpropitious
unpropitious propitious
authorized unauthorized
unauthorized authorized
constitutional unconstitutional
unconstitutional constitutional
autochthonous allochthonous
allochthonous autochthonous
autoecious heteroecious
heteroecious autoecious
autogenous heterogenous
heterogenous autogenous
automatic manual
manual automatic
available unavailable
unavailable available
awake asleep
asleep awake
astringent nonastringent
nonastringent astringent
aware unaware
unaware aware
witting unwitting
unwitting witting
alarming unalarming
unalarming alarming
anemophilous entomophilous
entomophilous anemophilous
reassuring unreassuring
unreassuring reassuring
back front
front back
leading following
following leading
backed backless
backless backed
backward forward
forward backward
forward reverse
reverse forward
backward forward
forward backward
balconied unbalconied
unbalconied balconied
barreled unbarreled
unbarreled barreled
beaked beakless
beakless beaked
bedded bedless
bedless bedded
beneficed unbeneficed
unbeneficed beneficed
stratified unstratified
unstratified stratified
ferned fernless
fernless ferned
grassy grassless
grassless grassy
gusseted ungusseted
ungusseted gusseted
hairless hairy
hairy hairless
awned awnless
awnless awned
bearing nonbearing
nonbearing bearing
beautiful ugly
ugly beautiful
bellied bellyless
bellyless bellied
banded unbanded
unbanded banded
belted unbelted
unbelted belted
beneficent maleficent
maleficent beneficent
malicious unmalicious
unmalicious malicious
benign malign
malign benign
best worst
worst best
better worse
worse better
better worse
worse better
bettering worsening
worsening bettering
bicameral unicameral
unicameral bicameral
bidirectional unidirectional
unidirectional bidirectional
faced faceless
faceless faced
bibbed bibless
bibless bibbed
unilateral multilateral
multilateral unilateral
bimodal unimodal
unimodal bimodal
binaural monaural
monaural binaural
binucleate mononuclear
binucleate trinucleate
mononuclear binucleate
mononuclear trinucleate
trinucleate binucleate
trinucleate mononuclear
bipedal quadrupedal
biped quadruped
quadrupedal bipedal
quadruped biped
black white
white black
blond brunet
brunet blond
blemished unblemished
unblemished blemished
bloody bloodless
bloodless bloody
bold timid
timid bold
bound unbound
unbound bound
laced unlaced
unlaced laced
tied untied
untied tied
tangled untangled
untangled tangled
bound unbound
unbound bound
bordered unbordered
unbordered bordered
lotic lentic
lentic lotic
lower-class middle-class
lower-class upper-class
middle-class lower-class
middle-class upper-class
upper-class lower-class
upper-class middle-class
brachycephalic dolichocephalic
dolichocephalic brachycephalic
brave cowardly
cowardly brave
gutsy gutless
gutless gutsy
breast-fed bottle-fed
bottle-fed breast-fed
breathing breathless
breathless breathing
crystalline noncrystalline
noncrystalline crystalline
landed landless
landless landed
light dark
dark light
shaded unshaded
unshaded shaded
shaded unshaded
unshaded shaded
moonlit moonless
moonless moonlit
bridgeable unbridgeable
unbridgeable bridgeable
bright dull
dull bright
dimmed undimmed
undimmed dimmed
prejudiced unprejudiced
unprejudiced prejudiced
broad-minded narrow-minded
narrow-minded broad-minded
reconstructed unreconstructed
unreconstructed reconstructed
broken unbroken
unbroken broken
broken unbroken
unbroken broken
broken unbroken
unbroken broken
brotherly sisterly
sisterly brotherly
exergonic endergonic
endergonic exergonic
fraternal identical
identical fraternal
buried unburied
unburied buried
busy idle
idle busy
bony boneless
boneless bony
buttoned unbuttoned
unbuttoned buttoned
capitalistic socialistic
socialistic capitalistic
cacophonous euphonious
euphonious cacophonous
calculable incalculable
incalculable calculable
calm stormy
stormy calm
camphorated uncamphorated
uncamphorated camphorated
capable incapable
incapable capable
capable incapable
incapable capable
cared-for uncared-for
uncared-for cared-for
careful careless
careless careful
carnivorous herbivorous
carnivorous insectivorous
carnivorous omnivorous
herbivorous carnivorous
herbivorous insectivorous
herbivorous omnivorous
omnivorous carnivorous
omnivorous herbivorous
omnivorous insectivorous
insectivorous carnivorous
insectivorous herbivorous
insectivorous omnivorous
holozoic holophytic
holophytic holozoic
carpellate acarpelous
acarpelous carpellate
carpeted uncarpeted
uncarpeted carpeted
carvel-built clinker-built
clinker-built carvel-built
carved uncarved
uncarved carved
acatalectic catalectic
acatalectic hypercatalectic
catalectic acatalectic
catalectic hypercatalectic
hypercatalectic acatalectic
hypercatalectic catalectic
cauline radical
radical cauline
censored uncensored
uncensored censored
caudate acaudate
acaudate caudate
caulescent acaulescent
acaulescent caulescent
causative noncausative
noncausative causative
cautious incautious
incautious cautious
cellular noncellular
noncellular cellular
coherent incoherent
incoherent coherent
compartmented uncompartmented
uncompartmented compartmented
porous nonporous
nonporous porous
central peripheral
peripheral central
centrifugal centripetal
centripetal centrifugal
afferent efferent
efferent afferent
centralizing decentralizing
decentralizing centralizing
certain uncertain
uncertain certain
certain uncertain
sure unsure
uncertain certain
unsure sure
convinced unconvinced
unconvinced convinced
confident diffident
diffident confident
certain uncertain
uncertain certain
certified uncertified
uncertified certified
inevitable evitable
evitable inevitable
preventable unpreventable
unpreventable preventable
changeable unchangeable
unchangeable changeable
commutable incommutable
incommutable commutable
alterable unalterable
unalterable alterable
modifiable unmodifiable
unmodifiable modifiable
adjusted unadjusted
unadjusted adjusted
adjusted maladjusted
maladjusted adjusted
altered unaltered
unaltered altered
amended unamended
unamended amended
changed unchanged
unchanged changed
isometric isotonic
isotonic isometric
ionized nonionized
nonionized ionized
mutable immutable
immutable mutable
characteristic uncharacteristic
uncharacteristic characteristic
charged uncharged
uncharged charged
charitable uncharitable
uncharitable charitable
chartered unchartered
unchartered chartered
owned unowned
unowned owned
chaste unchaste
unchaste chaste
cheerful depressing
depressing cheerful
chlamydeous achlamydeous
achlamydeous chlamydeous
chondritic achondritic
achondritic chondritic
monoclinic triclinic
triclinic monoclinic
monochromatic polychromatic
polychromatic monochromatic
chromatic achromatic
achromatic chromatic
black white
white black
saturated unsaturated
unsaturated saturated
color black-and-white
black-and-white color
colored uncolored
uncolored colored
stained unstained
unstained stained
colorful colorless
colorless colorful
colorful colorless
colourful colourless
colorless colorful
colourless colourful
light dark
dark light
chromatic diatonic
diatonic chromatic
cismontane tramontane
tramontane cismontane
christian unchristian
unchristian christian
civilized noncivilized
noncivilized civilized
classical nonclassical
nonclassical classical
classified unclassified
unclassified classified
classified unclassified
unclassified classified
analyzed unanalyzed
unanalyzed analyzed
clean dirty
dirty clean
clean dirty
dirty clean
clean dirty
dirty clean
radioactive nonradioactive
nonradioactive radioactive
clean unclean
unclean clean
clear unclear
unclear clear
clear opaque
opaque clear
radiolucent radiopaque
radiopaque radiolucent
clearheaded confused
confused clearheaded
clement inclement
inclement clement
clement inclement
inclement clement
smart stupid
stupid smart
clockwise counterclockwise
counterclockwise clockwise
far near
near far
distant close
close distant
distant close
close distant
cousinly uncousinly
uncousinly cousinly
clothed unclothed
unclothed clothed
saddled unsaddled
unsaddled saddled
clear cloudy
cloudy clear
coastal inland
inland coastal
inshore offshore
offshore inshore
coherent incoherent
incoherent coherent
collapsible noncollapsible
noncollapsible collapsible
crannied uncrannied
uncrannied crannied
collective distributive
distributive collective
publicized suppressed
suppressed publicized
published unpublished
unpublished published
publishable unpublishable
unpublishable publishable
reported unreported
unreported reported
reportable unreportable
unreportable reportable
combinative noncombinative
noncombinative combinative
combustible noncombustible
noncombustible combustible
explosive nonexplosive
nonexplosive explosive
lighted unlighted
unlighted lighted
commodious incommodious
incommodious commodious
comfortable uncomfortable
uncomfortable comfortable
comfortable uncomfortable
uncomfortable comfortable
commensurate incommensurate
incommensurate commensurate
proportionate disproportionate
disproportionate proportionate
commercial noncommercial
noncommercial commercial
residential nonresidential
nonresidential residential
commissioned noncommissioned
noncommissioned commissioned
common uncommon
uncommon common
usual unusual
unusual usual
hydrophobic hydrophilic
hydrophilic hydrophobic
oleophilic oleophobic
oleophobic oleophilic
common individual
individual common
communicative uncommunicative
uncommunicative communicative
compact loose
loose compact
comparable incomparable
incomparable comparable
compassionate uncompassionate
uncompassionate compassionate
compatible incompatible
incompatible compatible
compatible incompatible
incompatible compatible
miscible immiscible
immiscible miscible
competent incompetent
incompetent competent
competent incompetent
incompetent competent
competitive noncompetitive
noncompetitive competitive
complaining uncomplaining
uncomplaining complaining
compressible incompressible
incompressible compressible
whole fractional
fractional whole
whole half
half whole
committed uncommitted
uncommitted committed
dedicated undedicated
undedicated dedicated
complete incomplete
incomplete complete
comprehensive noncomprehensive
noncomprehensive comprehensive
composed discomposed
discomposed composed
comprehensible incomprehensible
incomprehensible comprehensible
concave convex
convex concave
concentrated distributed
distributed concentrated
concentric eccentric
eccentric concentric
concerned unconcerned
unconcerned concerned
concise prolix
prolix concise
conclusive inconclusive
inconclusive conclusive
consummated unconsummated
unconsummated consummated
coordinating subordinating
subordinating coordinating
accordant discordant
discordant accordant
contracted expanded
expanded contracted
atrophied hypertrophied
hypertrophied atrophied
conditional unconditional
unconditional conditional
enforceable unenforceable
unenforceable enforceable
enforced unenforced
unenforced enforced
conductive nonconductive
nonconductive conductive
confined unconfined
unconfined confined
crowded uncrowded
uncrowded crowded
congenial uncongenial
uncongenial congenial
congruent incongruent
incongruent congruent
congruous incongruous
incongruous congruous
conjunctive disjunctive
disjunctive conjunctive
conjunct disjunct
disjunct conjunct
connected unconnected
unconnected connected
conquerable unconquerable
unconquerable conquerable
conscious unconscious
unconscious conscious
consecrated desecrated
desecrated consecrated
priestly unpriestly
unpriestly priestly
conservative liberal
liberal conservative
consistent inconsistent
inconsistent consistent
conspicuous inconspicuous
inconspicuous conspicuous
discernible indiscernible
indiscernible discernible
distinguishable indistinguishable
indistinguishable distinguishable
constant inconstant
inconstant constant
constructive destructive
destructive constructive
contented discontented
discontented contented
contestable incontestable
incontestable contestable
continent incontinent
incontinent continent
continual sporadic
sporadic continual
continuous discontinuous
discontinuous continuous
continuous discontinuous
discontinuous continuous
continued discontinued
discontinued continued
controlled uncontrolled
uncontrolled controlled
controversial uncontroversial
uncontroversial controversial
argumentative unargumentative
unargumentative argumentative
convenient inconvenient
inconvenient convenient
conventional unconventional
conventional unconventional
unconventional conventional
conventional unconventional
unconventional conventional
unconventional conventional
conformist nonconformist
nonconformist conformist
nuclear conventional
conventional nuclear
traditional nontraditional
nontraditional traditional
convergent divergent
divergent convergent
branchy branchless
branchless branchy
convincing unconvincing
unconvincing convincing
cooked raw
raw cooked
cooperative uncooperative
uncooperative cooperative
corrupt incorrupt
incorrupt corrupt
synergistic antagonistic
antagonistic synergistic
considerable inconsiderable
inconsiderable considerable
substantial insubstantial
insubstantial substantial
material immaterial
immaterial material
bodied unbodied
unbodied bodied
brainwashed unbrainwashed
unbrainwashed brainwashed
corporeal incorporeal
incorporeal corporeal
correct incorrect
right wrong
incorrect correct
wrong right
right wrong
wrong right
corrected uncorrected
uncorrected corrected
corrigible incorrigible
incorrigible corrigible
cosmopolitan provincial
provincial cosmopolitan
costive laxative
laxative costive
constipated unconstipated
unconstipated constipated
considerate inconsiderate
inconsiderate considerate
courteous discourteous
discourteous courteous
polite impolite
impolite polite
civil uncivil
uncivil civil
civil sidereal
sidereal civil
creative uncreative
uncreative creative
credible incredible
incredible credible
credulous incredulous
incredulous credulous
critical uncritical
uncritical critical
judgmental nonjudgmental
nonjudgmental judgmental
critical uncritical
uncritical critical
critical noncritical
noncritical critical
critical noncritical
noncritical critical
crossed uncrossed
uncrossed crossed
crossed uncrossed
uncrossed crossed
cross-eyed walleyed
walleyed cross-eyed
crowned uncrowned
uncrowned crowned
crowned uncrowned
uncrowned crowned
crucial noncrucial
noncrucial crucial
crystallized uncrystallized
uncrystallized crystallized
cubic linear
cubic planar
linear cubic
linear planar
planar cubic
planar linear
unidimensional multidimensional
multidimensional unidimensional
cut uncut
uncut cut
cut uncut
uncut cut
cut uncut
uncut cut
curious incurious
incurious curious
current noncurrent
noncurrent current
cursed blessed
blessed cursed
endowed unendowed
unendowed endowed
curtained curtainless
curtainless curtained
custom-made ready-made
ready-made custom-made
handmade machine-made
machine-made handmade
homemade factory-made
factory-made homemade
cyclic noncyclic
noncyclic cyclic
cyclic acyclic
acyclic cyclic
cyclic acyclic
acyclic cyclic
annual biennial
annual perennial
biennial annual
biennial perennial
perennial annual
perennial biennial
diurnal nocturnal
nocturnal diurnal
damaged undamaged
undamaged damaged
datable undatable
undatable datable
deaf hearing
hearing deaf
decent indecent
indecent decent
decisive indecisive
indecisive decisive
decisive indecisive
indecisive decisive
declarative interrogative
declaratory interrogatory
interrogative declarative
interrogatory declaratory
declared undeclared
undeclared declared
decorous indecorous
indecorous decorous
deductible nondeductible
nondeductible deductible
deep shallow
shallow deep
deep shallow
shallow deep
de_facto de_jure
de_jure de_facto
defeasible indefeasible
indefeasible defeasible
defeated undefeated
undefeated defeated
defiant compliant
compliant defiant
defined undefined
undefined defined
well-defined ill-defined
ill-defined well-defined
derived underived
underived derived
inflected uninflected
uninflected inflected
inflected uninflected
uninflected inflected
definite indefinite
indefinite definite
dehiscent indehiscent
indehiscent dehiscent
dejected elated
elated dejected
delicate rugged
rugged delicate
breakable unbreakable
unbreakable breakable
demanding undemanding
undemanding demanding
imperative beseeching
beseeching imperative
democratic undemocratic
undemocratic democratic
arbitrary nonarbitrary
nonarbitrary arbitrary
demonstrative undemonstrative
undemonstrative demonstrative
deniable undeniable
undeniable deniable
denotative connotative
connotative denotative
reliable unreliable
dependable undependable
unreliable reliable
undependable dependable
dependent independent
independent dependent
independent dependent
dependent independent
partisan nonpartisan
nonpartisan partisan
aligned nonaligned
nonaligned aligned
descriptive prescriptive
prescriptive descriptive
descriptive undescriptive
undescriptive descriptive
desirable undesirable
undesirable desirable
destroyed preserved
preserved destroyed
destructible indestructible
indestructible destructible
determinable indeterminable
indeterminable determinable
determinate indeterminate
indeterminate determinate
determinate indeterminate
indeterminate determinate
developed undeveloped
undeveloped developed
dextral sinistral
sinistral dextral
diabatic adiabatic
adiabatic diabatic
differentiated undifferentiated
undifferentiated differentiated
difficult easy
easy difficult
digitigrade plantigrade
plantigrade digitigrade
dignified undignified
undignified dignified
statesmanlike unstatesmanlike
unstatesmanlike statesmanlike
presidential unpresidential
unpresidential presidential
dicotyledonous monocotyledonous
monocotyledonous dicotyledonous
diligent negligent
negligent diligent
diluted undiluted
undiluted diluted
saturated unsaturated
unsaturated saturated
saturated unsaturated
unsaturated saturated
diplomatic undiplomatic
undiplomatic diplomatic
conciliatory antagonistic
antagonistic conciliatory
direct indirect
indirect direct
direct alternating
alternating direct
direct indirect
indirect direct
direct inverse
inverse direct
direct retrograde
retrograde direct
immediate mediate
mediate immediate
discerning undiscerning
undiscerning discerning
discreet indiscreet
indiscreet discreet
discriminate indiscriminate
indiscriminate discriminate
discriminating undiscriminating
undiscriminating discriminating
disposable nondisposable
nondisposable disposable
returnable nonreturnable
nonreturnable returnable
disposable nondisposable
nondisposable disposable
distal proximal
proximal distal
distal mesial
mesial distal
distinct indistinct
indistinct distinct
focused unfocused
unfocused focused
diversified undiversified
undiversified diversified
divisible indivisible
indivisible divisible
documented undocumented
undocumented documented
domineering submissive
submissive domineering
servile unservile
unservile servile
dominant subordinate
subordinate dominant
dominant recessive
recessive dominant
single-barreled double-barreled
double-barreled single-barreled
double-breasted single-breasted
single-breasted double-breasted
dramatic undramatic
undramatic dramatic
actable unactable
unactable actable
theatrical untheatrical
untheatrical theatrical
drinkable undrinkable
undrinkable drinkable
intoxicated sober
sober intoxicated
dull sharp
sharp dull
sharp dull
dull sharp
eventful uneventful
uneventful eventful
lively dull
dull lively
dynamic undynamic
undynamic dynamic
eager uneager
uneager eager
eared earless
earless eared
early late
early middle
middle early
middle late
late early
late middle
early late
late early
early late
early middle
middle early
middle late
late early
late middle
earned unearned
unearned earned
easy uneasy
uneasy easy
east west
west east
western eastern
eastern western
western eastern
eastern western
ectomorphic endomorphic
ectomorphic mesomorphic
endomorphic ectomorphic
endomorphic mesomorphic
mesomorphic ectomorphic
mesomorphic endomorphic
edible inedible
inedible edible
educated uneducated
uneducated educated
numerate innumerate
innumerate numerate
operative inoperative
inoperative operative
effective ineffective
ineffective effective
effortful effortless
effortless effortful
efficacious inefficacious
inefficacious efficacious
efficient inefficient
inefficient efficient
forceful forceless
forceless forceful
elastic inelastic
inelastic elastic
elective appointive
appointive elective
assigned unassigned
unassigned assigned
optional obligatory
obligatory optional
elegant inelegant
inelegant elegant
eligible ineligible
ineligible eligible
emotional unemotional
unemotional emotional
empirical theoretical
theoretical empirical
theoretical applied
applied theoretical
salaried freelance
freelance salaried
employed unemployed
unemployed employed
employable unemployable
unemployable employable
enchanted disenchanted
disenchanted enchanted
encouraging discouraging
discouraging encouraging
encumbered unencumbered
unencumbered encumbered
burdened unburdened
unburdened burdened
endocentric exocentric
exocentric endocentric
endogamous exogamous
exogamous endogamous
autogamous endogamous
autogamous exogamous
endogamous autogamous
endogamous exogamous
exogamous autogamous
exogamous endogamous
endoergic exoergic
exoergic endoergic
endothermic exothermic
exothermic endothermic
endogenous exogenous
endogenic exogenic
exogenous endogenous
exogenic endogenic
end-stopped run-on
run-on end-stopped
energetic lethargic
lethargic energetic
enfranchised disenfranchised
disenfranchised enfranchised
exportable unexportable
unexportable exportable
exploratory nonexploratory
nonexploratory exploratory
inquiring uninquiring
uninquiring inquiring
increased decreased
decreased increased
reducible irreducible
irreducible reducible
enlightened unenlightened
unenlightened enlightened
enterprising unenterprising
unenterprising enterprising
enthusiastic unenthusiastic
unenthusiastic enthusiastic
desirous undesirous
undesirous desirous
entozoic epizoic
epizoic entozoic
equal unequal
unequal equal
balanced unbalanced
unbalanced balanced
isotonic hypertonic
isotonic hypotonic
hypertonic hypotonic
hypertonic isotonic
hypotonic hypertonic
hypotonic isotonic
equivocal unequivocal
unequivocal equivocal
eradicable ineradicable
ineradicable eradicable
esoteric exoteric
exoteric esoteric
essential inessential
inessential essential
dispensable indispensable
indispensable dispensable
estimable contemptible
contemptible estimable
ethical unethical
unethical ethical
complimentary uncomplimentary
uncomplimentary complimentary
flattering unflattering
unflattering flattering
euphemistic dysphemistic
dysphemistic euphemistic
euphoric dysphoric
dysphoric euphoric
even uneven
uneven even
even odd
odd even
evergreen deciduous
deciduous evergreen
exact inexact
inexact exact
convertible inconvertible
inconvertible convertible
exchangeable unexchangeable
unexchangeable exchangeable
excitable unexcitable
unexcitable excitable
excited unexcited
unexcited excited
exciting unexciting
unexciting exciting
exculpatory inculpatory
inculpatory exculpatory
exhaustible inexhaustible
inexhaustible exhaustible
exhausted unexhausted
unexhausted exhausted
existent nonexistent
nonexistent existent
extant extinct
extinct extant
expected unexpected
unexpected expected
expedient inexpedient
inexpedient expedient
expendable unexpendable
unexpendable expendable
expensive cheap
cheap expensive
experienced inexperienced
inexperienced experienced
expired unexpired
unexpired expired
explicable inexplicable
inexplicable explicable
explicit implicit
implicit explicit
exploited unexploited
unexploited exploited
expressible inexpressible
inexpressible expressible
extensile nonextensile
nonextensile extensile
extricable inextricable
inextricable extricable
bowed plucked
plucked bowed
fingered fingerless
fingerless fingered
expansive unexpansive
unexpansive expansive
extinguishable inextinguishable
inextinguishable extinguishable
external internal
internal external
outer inner
inner outer
outward inward
inward outward
exterior interior
interior exterior
eyed eyeless
eyeless eyed
playable unplayable
unplayable playable
fair foul
foul fair
fair unfair
unfair fair
equitable inequitable
inequitable equitable
faithful unfaithful
unfaithful faithful
faithful unfaithful
unfaithful faithful
loyal disloyal
disloyal loyal
fallible infallible
infallible fallible
familiar unfamiliar
unfamiliar familiar
strange familiar
familiar strange
fashionable unfashionable
unfashionable fashionable
stylish styleless
styleless stylish
fast slow
slow fast
fast slow
slow fast
fast slow
slow fast
fastidious unfastidious
unfastidious fastidious
fastidious unfastidious
unfastidious fastidious
fat thin
thin fat
fatty nonfat
nonfat fatty
fatal nonfatal
nonfatal fatal
curable incurable
incurable curable
fathomable unfathomable
unfathomable fathomable
favorable unfavorable
unfavorable favorable
favorable unfavorable
unfavorable favorable
feathered unfeathered
unfeathered feathered
felicitous infelicitous
infelicitous felicitous
fertile sterile
sterile fertile
finished unfinished
unfinished finished
finished unfinished
unfinished finished
finite infinite
infinite finite
finite infinite
infinite finite
opening closing
closing opening
first last
last first
intermediate terminal
terminal intermediate
first second
second first
fissile nonfissile
nonfissile fissile
fissionable nonfissionable
nonfissionable fissionable
fit unfit
unfit fit
fit unfit
unfit fit
flat contrasty
contrasty flat
flexible inflexible
inflexible flexible
flexible inflexible
inflexible flexible
uncompromising compromising
compromising uncompromising
rigid nonrigid
nonrigid rigid
adaptable unadaptable
unadaptable adaptable
campylotropous orthotropous
orthotropous campylotropous
anatropous amphitropous
amphitropous anatropous
curly straight
straight curly
footed footless
footless footed
toed toeless
toeless toed
pigeon-toed splayfooted
splayfooted pigeon-toed
fore aft
aft fore
forehand backhand
backhand forehand
native adopted
adopted native
foreign native
native foreign
native nonnative
nonnative native
foreign domestic
domestic foreign
domestic undomestic
undomestic domestic
forgettable unforgettable
unforgettable forgettable
forgiving unforgiving
unforgiving forgiving
formal informal
informal formal
formal informal
informal formal
former latter
latter former
fortunate unfortunate
unfortunate fortunate
fragrant malodorous
malodorous fragrant
odorous odorless
odorless odorous
scented scentless
scentless scented
free bound
bound free
fixed unfixed
unfixed fixed
free unfree
unfree free
free unfree
unfree free
frequent infrequent
infrequent frequent
fresh stale
stale fresh
fresh preserved
preserved fresh
fresh salty
salty fresh
friendly unfriendly
unfriendly friendly
friendly hostile
hostile friendly
friendly unfriendly
unfriendly friendly
frozen unfrozen
unfrozen frozen
fruitful unfruitful
unfruitful fruitful
full empty
empty full
drained undrained
undrained drained
full-time part-time
part-time full-time
functional nonfunctional
nonfunctional functional
functioning malfunctioning
malfunctioning functioning
functional organic
organic functional
rigged unrigged
unrigged rigged
equipped unequipped
unequipped equipped
fledged unfledged
unfledged fledged
framed unframed
unframed framed
furnished unfurnished
unfurnished furnished
funded unfunded
unfunded funded
fueled unfueled
unfueled fueled
specified unspecified
unspecified specified
geared ungeared
ungeared geared
general specific
specific general
specific nonspecific
specific nonspecific
nonspecific specific
nonspecific specific
national local
local national
cosmopolitan endemic
endemic cosmopolitan
branchiate abranchiate
abranchiate branchiate
federal unitary
unitary federal
centralized decentralized
decentralized centralized
technical nontechnical
nontechnical technical
nonproprietary proprietary
proprietary nonproprietary
generous stingy
stingy generous
generous ungenerous
ungenerous generous
genuine counterfeit
counterfeit genuine
geocentric heliocentric
heliocentric geocentric
talented untalented
untalented talented
glazed unglazed
unglazed glazed
glazed unglazed
unglazed glazed
glorious inglorious
inglorious glorious
go no-go
no-go go
good bad
bad good
good evil
evil good
good-natured ill-natured
ill-natured good-natured
graceful awkward
awkward graceful
gracious ungracious
ungracious gracious
gradual sudden
sudden gradual
gradual steep
steep gradual
grammatical ungrammatical
ungrammatical grammatical
grateful ungrateful
ungrateful grateful
haploid diploid
haploid polyploid
diploid haploid
diploid polyploid
polyploid diploid
polyploid haploid
happy unhappy
unhappy happy
regretful unregretful
unregretful regretful
hard soft
soft hard
hard soft
soft hard
hard soft
soft hard
hard soft
soft hard
hardhearted softhearted
softhearted hardhearted
alcoholic nonalcoholic
nonalcoholic alcoholic
harmless harmful
harmful harmless
harmonious inharmonious
inharmonious harmonious
healthful unhealthful
unhealthful healthful
medical surgical
surgical medical
operable inoperable
inoperable operable
pyretic antipyretic
antipyretic pyretic
healthy unhealthy
unhealthy healthy
dry phlegmy
phlegmy dry
heavenly earthly
earthly heavenly
digestible indigestible
indigestible digestible
headed headless
headless headed
headed unheaded
unheaded headed
heavy light
light heavy
weighty weightless
weightless weighty
light-duty heavy-duty
heavy-duty light-duty
heavy light
light heavy
heavy light
light heavy
heavy light
light heavy
heavy light
light heavy
light-footed heavy-footed
heavy-footed light-footed
light heavy
heavy light
heedless heedful
heedful heedless
enabling disabling
disabling enabling
helpful unhelpful
unhelpful helpful
heterodactyl zygodactyl
zygodactyl heterodactyl
heterogeneous homogeneous
homogeneous heterogeneous
homozygous heterozygous
heterozygous homozygous
heterosexual bisexual
heterosexual homosexual
homosexual bisexual
homosexual heterosexual
bisexual heterosexual
bisexual homosexual
hierarchical nonhierarchical
nonhierarchical hierarchical
high low
low high
raised lowered
lowered raised
high-tech low-tech
low-tech high-tech
necked neckless
neckless necked
ceilinged floored
floored ceilinged
low-sudsing high-sudsing
high-sudsing low-sudsing
low-interest high-interest
high-interest low-interest
high low
low high
high low
low high
imitative nonimitative
nonimitative imitative
echoic nonechoic
nonechoic echoic
high-resolution low-resolution
low-resolution high-resolution
high-rise low-rise
low-rise high-rise
upland lowland
lowland upland
home away
away home
homologous autologous
homologous heterologous
heterologous autologous
heterologous homologous
autologous heterologous
autologous homologous
homologous analogous
homologous heterologous
heterologous analogous
heterologous homologous
analogous heterologous
analogous homologous
gabled hipped
hipped gabled
hipped hipless
hipless hipped
honest dishonest
dishonest honest
truthful untruthful
untruthful truthful
honorable dishonorable
dishonorable honorable
hopeful hopeless
hopeless hopeful
institutionalized noninstitutionalized
noninstitutionalized institutionalized
institutional noninstitutional
noninstitutional institutional
iodinating de-iodinating
de-iodinating iodinating
consolable inconsolable
inconsolable consolable
horizontal inclined
horizontal vertical
vertical horizontal
vertical inclined
inclined horizontal
inclined vertical
erect unerect
unerect erect
standing seated
seated standing
standing running
running standing
running standing
standing running
running passing
passing running
hospitable inhospitable
inhospitable hospitable
hospitable inhospitable
inhospitable hospitable
hostile amicable
amicable hostile
hot cold
cold hot
vernal autumnal
vernal summery
vernal wintry
summery autumnal
summery vernal
summery wintry
autumnal summery
autumnal vernal
autumnal wintry
wintry autumnal
wintry summery
wintry vernal
hot cold
cold hot
human nonhuman
nonhuman human
superhuman subhuman
subhuman superhuman
humane inhumane
inhumane humane
humorous humorless
humorless humorous
hungry thirsty
thirsty hungry
hurried unhurried
unhurried hurried
identifiable unidentifiable
unidentifiable identifiable
immanent transeunt
transeunt immanent
impaired unimpaired
unimpaired impaired
important unimportant
unimportant important
impressive unimpressive
unimpressive impressive
noticeable unnoticeable
unnoticeable noticeable
improved unimproved
unimproved improved
cleared uncleared
uncleared cleared
inaugural exaugural
exaugural inaugural
inboard outboard
outboard inboard
inbred outbred
outbred inbred
inclined disinclined
disinclined inclined
incoming outgoing
outgoing incoming
incoming outgoing
outgoing incoming
inductive deductive
deductive inductive
indulgent nonindulgent
nonindulgent indulgent
industrial nonindustrial
nonindustrial industrial
infectious noninfectious
noninfectious infectious
infernal supernal
supernal infernal
informative uninformative
uninformative informative
gnostic agnostic
agnostic gnostic
informed uninformed
uninformed informed
ingenuous disingenuous
disingenuous ingenuous
inhabited uninhabited
uninhabited inhabited
inheritable noninheritable
noninheritable inheritable
inhibited uninhibited
uninhibited inhibited
injectable uninjectable
uninjectable injectable
injured uninjured
uninjured injured
innocent guilty
guilty innocent
inspiring uninspiring
uninspiring inspiring
instructive uninstructive
uninstructive instructive
edifying unedifying
unedifying edifying
enlightening unenlightening
unenlightening enlightening
integrated segregated
segregated integrated
integrated nonintegrated
nonintegrated integrated
blended unblended
unblended blended
combined uncombined
uncombined combined
integrative disintegrative
disintegrative integrative
intellectual nonintellectual
nonintellectual intellectual
intelligent unintelligent
unintelligent intelligent
intelligible unintelligible
unintelligible intelligible
intended unintended
unintended intended
designed undesigned
undesigned designed
intensifying moderating
moderating intensifying
interspecies intraspecies
intraspecies interspecies
interested uninterested
uninterested interested
interesting uninteresting
uninteresting interesting
intramural extramural
extramural intramural
intra_vires ultra_vires
ultra_vires intra_vires
intrinsic extrinsic
extrinsic intrinsic
introspective extrospective
extrospective introspective
introversive ambiversive
introversive extroversive
extroversive ambiversive
extroversive introversive
ambiversive extroversive
ambiversive introversive
intrusive unintrusive
unintrusive intrusive
intrusive protrusive
protrusive intrusive
igneous aqueous
aqueous igneous
intrusive extrusive
extrusive intrusive
invasive confined
confined invasive
invasive noninvasive
noninvasive invasive
invigorating debilitating
debilitating invigorating
inviting uninviting
uninviting inviting
in_vitro in_vivo
in_vivo in_vitro
ironed unironed
unironed ironed
wrinkled unwrinkled
unwrinkled wrinkled
isotropic anisotropic
anisotropic isotropic
glad sad
sad glad
joyful sorrowful
sorrowful joyful
joyous joyless
joyless joyous
juicy juiceless
juiceless juicy
just unjust
unjust just
merited unmerited
unmerited merited
keyed keyless
keyless keyed
kind unkind
unkind kind
knowable unknowable
unknowable knowable
known unknown
unknown known
understood ununderstood
ununderstood understood
labeled unlabeled
unlabeled labeled
lamented unlamented
unlamented lamented
laureled unlaureled
unlaureled laureled
large small
big little
small large
little big
greater lesser
lesser greater
lawful unlawful
unlawful lawful
leaded unleaded
unleaded leaded
leaky tight
tight leaky
caulked uncaulked
uncaulked caulked
leavened unleavened
unleavened leavened
leeward windward
windward leeward
legal illegal
illegal legal
legible illegible
illegible legible
deciphered undeciphered
undeciphered deciphered
biological adoptive
adoptive biological
legitimate illegitimate
illegitimate legitimate
leptorrhine catarrhine
leptorrhine platyrrhine
catarrhine leptorrhine
catarrhine platyrrhine
platyrrhine catarrhine
platyrrhine leptorrhine
leptosporangiate eusporangiate
eusporangiate leptosporangiate
like unlike
unlike like
alike unalike
unalike alike
like unlike
unlike like
likely unlikely
unlikely likely
probable improbable
improbable probable
limbed limbless
limbless limbed
limited unlimited
unlimited limited
lineal collateral
collateral lineal
linear nonlinear
nonlinear linear
lined unlined
unlined lined
listed unlisted
unlisted listed
literal figurative
figurative literal
literate illiterate
illiterate literate
literate illiterate
illiterate literate
live recorded
recorded live
livable unlivable
unlivable livable
liveried unliveried
unliveried liveried
loaded unloaded
unloaded loaded
loamy loamless
loamless loamy
local general
general local
epidemic ecdemic
epidemic endemic
ecdemic endemic
ecdemic epidemic
endemic ecdemic
endemic epidemic
gloved gloveless
gloveless gloved
hatted hatless
hatless hatted
guided unguided
unguided guided
legged legless
legless legged
logical illogical
illogical logical
extended unextended
unextended extended
mini maxi
mini midi
midi maxi
midi mini
maxi midi
maxi mini
lossy lossless
lossless lossy
long short
short long
long short
short long
long short
short long
long short
short long
lengthwise crosswise
crosswise lengthwise
lidded lidless
lidless lidded
loose tight
tight loose
constricted unconstricted
unconstricted constricted
lost found
found lost
lost saved
saved lost
lost won
won lost
loud soft
soft loud
full thin
thin full
piano forte
forte piano
hardened soft
soft hardened
lovable hateful
hateful lovable
liked disliked
disliked liked
loved unloved
unloved loved
loving unloving
unloving loving
lowercase uppercase
uppercase lowercase
lucky unlucky
unlucky lucky
lyric dramatic
dramatic lyric
made unmade
unmade made
magnetic antimagnetic
antimagnetic magnetic
magnetic geographic
geographic magnetic
magnetic nonmagnetic
nonmagnetic magnetic
major minor
minor major
major minor
minor major
major minor
minor major
major minor
minor major
major minor
minor major
major minor
minor major
major minor
minor major
majuscule minuscule
minuscule majuscule
manageable unmanageable
unmanageable manageable
manly unmanly
unmanly manly
male androgynous
male female
female androgynous
female male
androgynous female
androgynous male
manned unmanned
unmanned manned
marked unmarked
unmarked marked
branded unbranded
unbranded branded
married unmarried
unmarried married
mated unmated
unmated mated
masculine feminine
feminine masculine
womanly unwomanly
unwomanly womanly
masculine feminine
masculine neuter
feminine masculine
feminine neuter
neuter feminine
neuter masculine
matched mismatched
mismatched matched
material immaterial
immaterial material
mature immature
immature mature
mature immature
immature mature
ripe green
green ripe
seasonal year-round
year-round seasonal
seasonable unseasonable
unseasonable seasonable
seasoned unseasoned
unseasoned seasoned
full-term premature
premature full-term
maximal minimal
maximum minimum
minimal maximal
minimum maximum
meaningful meaningless
meaningless meaningful
measurable immeasurable
immeasurable measurable
meaty meatless
meatless meaty
mechanical nonmechanical
nonmechanical mechanical
melodious unmelodious
unmelodious melodious
tuneful tuneless
tuneless tuneful
membered memberless
memberless membered
mined unmined
unmined mined
musical unmusical
unmusical musical
musical unmusical
unmusical musical
melted unmelted
unmelted melted
merciful merciless
merciless merciful
metabolic ametabolic
ametabolic metabolic
mild intense
intense mild
intensive extensive
extensive intensive
involved uninvolved
uninvolved involved
military civilian
civilian military
military unmilitary
unmilitary military
mitigated unmitigated
unmitigated mitigated
tempered untempered
untempered tempered
tempered untempered
untempered tempered
mobile immobile
immobile mobile
portable unportable
unportable portable
removable irremovable
irremovable removable
metallic nonmetallic
nonmetallic metallic
metamorphic nonmetamorphic
nonmetamorphic metamorphic
moderate immoderate
immoderate moderate
modern nonmodern
nonmodern modern
modest immodest
immodest modest
modest immodest
immodest modest
modified unmodified
unmodified modified
modulated unmodulated
unmodulated modulated
molar molecular
molecular molar
monoclinous diclinous
diclinous monoclinous
monoecious dioecious
dioecious monoecious
monophonic polyphonic
polyphonic monophonic
monogamous polygamous
polygamous monogamous
monolingual multilingual
multilingual monolingual
monovalent polyvalent
polyvalent monovalent
univalent bivalent
univalent multivalent
bivalent multivalent
bivalent univalent
multivalent bivalent
multivalent univalent
monotonic nonmonotonic
nonmonotonic monotonic
monovalent polyvalent
polyvalent monovalent
moral immoral
immoral moral
licit illicit
illicit licit
principled unprincipled
unprincipled principled
many few
few many
much little
little much
more less
less more
most least
least most
more fewer
fewer more
most fewest
fewest most
mortal immortal
immortal mortal
motivated unmotivated
unmotivated motivated
motorized unmotorized
unmotorized motorized
moved unmoved
unmoved moved
moving unmoving
unmoving moving
moving nonmoving
nonmoving moving
moving still
still moving
mown unmown
unmown mown
seamanlike unseamanlike
unseamanlike seamanlike
continental intercontinental
intercontinental continental
national international
international national
interstate intrastate
intrastate interstate
natural unnatural
unnatural natural
natural artificial
artificial natural
natural supernatural
supernatural natural
natural flat
natural sharp
sharp flat
sharp natural
flat natural
flat sharp
ultimate proximate
proximate ultimate
necessary unnecessary
unnecessary necessary
net gross
gross net
neurotic unneurotic
unneurotic neurotic
nice nasty
nasty nice
nidicolous nidifugous
nidifugous nidicolous
noble ignoble
ignoble noble
noble lowborn
lowborn noble
normal abnormal
abnormal normal
normal abnormal
abnormal normal
hypertensive hypotensive
hypertensive normotensive
hypotensive hypertensive
hypotensive normotensive
normotensive hypertensive
normotensive hypotensive
normal paranormal
paranormal normal
north south
south north
northern southern
southern northern
northern southern
southern northern
nosed noseless
noseless nosed
noticed unnoticed
unnoticed noticed
detected undetected
undetected detected
determined undetermined
undetermined determined
noxious innocuous
innocuous noxious
obedient disobedient
disobedient obedient
obtrusive unobtrusive
unobtrusive obtrusive
objective subjective
subjective objective
obligated unobligated
unobligated obligated
obligate facultative
facultative obligate
obvious unobvious
unobvious obvious
obstructed unobstructed
unobstructed obstructed
occupied unoccupied
unoccupied occupied
occupied unoccupied
unoccupied occupied
offensive inoffensive
inoffensive offensive
savory unsavory
unsavory savory
offensive inoffensive
inoffensive offensive
offensive defensive
defensive offensive
offending unoffending
unoffending offending
apologetic unapologetic
unapologetic apologetic
official unofficial
unofficial official
confirmed unconfirmed
unconfirmed confirmed
established unestablished
unestablished established
conditioned unconditioned
unconditioned conditioned
on-site off-site
off-site on-site
offstage onstage
onstage offstage
off-street on-street
on-street off-street
old new
new old
old young
young old
one-piece three-piece
one-piece two-piece
two-piece one-piece
two-piece three-piece
three-piece one-piece
three-piece two-piece
on-line off-line
off-line on-line
on-line off-line
off-line on-line
on off
off on
on off
off on
onside offside
offside onside
open shut
shut open
open closed
closed open
open closed
closed open
spaced unspaced
unspaced spaced
enclosed unenclosed
unenclosed enclosed
tanned untanned
untanned tanned
tapped untapped
untapped tapped
open closed
closed open
operational nonoperational
nonoperational operational
opportune inopportune
inopportune opportune
opposable unopposable
unopposable opposable
opposed unopposed
unopposed opposed
opposite alternate
alternate opposite
optimistic pessimistic
pessimistic optimistic
oral aboral
aboral oral
actinal abactinal
abactinal actinal
orderly disorderly
disorderly orderly
ordered disordered
disordered ordered
organized disorganized
disorganized organized
organized unorganized
unorganized organized
structured unstructured
unstructured structured
ordinary extraordinary
extraordinary ordinary
organic inorganic
inorganic organic
organic inorganic
inorganic organic
holistic atomistic
atomistic holistic
arranged disarranged
disarranged arranged
oriented unoriented
unoriented oriented
orienting disorienting
disorienting orienting
original unoriginal
unoriginal original
orthodox unorthodox
unorthodox orthodox
outdoor indoor
indoor outdoor
outside inside
inside outside
covered bare
bare covered
coated uncoated
uncoated coated
roofed roofless
roofless roofed
leafy leafless
leafless leafy
lipped lipless
lipless lipped
overt covert
covert overt
paid unpaid
unpaid paid
painful painless
painless painful
painted unpainted
unpainted painted
painted unpainted
unpainted painted
delineated undelineated
undelineated delineated
paintable unpaintable
unpaintable paintable
palatable unpalatable
unpalatable palatable
palpable impalpable
impalpable palpable
parallel oblique
parallel perpendicular
oblique parallel
oblique perpendicular
perpendicular oblique
perpendicular parallel
pardonable unpardonable
unpardonable pardonable
excusable inexcusable
inexcusable excusable
parental filial
filial parental
partial impartial
impartial partial
particulate nonparticulate
nonparticulate particulate
passable impassable
impassable passable
passionate passionless
passionless passionate
past future
past present
present future
present past
future past
future present
born unborn
unborn born
parented unparented
unparented parented
paternal maternal
maternal paternal
wifely husbandly
husbandly wifely
patient impatient
impatient patient
patriarchal matriarchal
matriarchal patriarchal
patronized unpatronized
unpatronized patronized
packaged unpackaged
unpackaged packaged
paved unpaved
unpaved paved
patriotic unpatriotic
unpatriotic patriotic
peaceful unpeaceful
unpeaceful peaceful
penitent impenitent
repentant unrepentant
impenitent penitent
unrepentant repentant
perceptive unperceptive
unperceptive perceptive
perceptible imperceptible
imperceptible perceptible
perfect imperfect
imperfect perfect
perishable imperishable
imperishable perishable
permanent impermanent
impermanent permanent
persistent caducous
caducous persistent
reversible irreversible
irreversible reversible
reversible nonreversible
nonreversible reversible
revocable irrevocable
irrevocable revocable
permissible impermissible
impermissible permissible
admissible inadmissible
inadmissible admissible
permissive unpermissive
unpermissive permissive
permissive preventive
preventive permissive
perplexed unperplexed
unperplexed perplexed
personal impersonal
impersonal personal
persuasive dissuasive
dissuasive persuasive
penetrable impenetrable
impenetrable penetrable
permeable impermeable
impermeable permeable
pervious impervious
impervious pervious
petalous apetalous
apetalous petalous
puncturable punctureless
punctureless puncturable
psychoactive nonpsychoactive
nonpsychoactive psychoactive
physical mental
mental physical
monotheistic polytheistic
polytheistic monotheistic
pious impious
impious pious
secular religious
religious secular
religious irreligious
irreligious religious
placable implacable
implacable placable
plain patterned
patterned plain
plain fancy
fancy plain
planned unplanned
unplanned planned
studied unstudied
unstudied studied
plausible implausible
implausible plausible
pleasant unpleasant
unpleasant pleasant
pleased displeased
displeased pleased
pleasing displeasing
displeasing pleasing
pointed pointless
pointless pointed
acute obtuse
obtuse acute
polished unpolished
unpolished polished
politic impolitic
impolitic politic
political nonpolitical
nonpolitical political
ponderable imponderable
imponderable ponderable
popular unpopular
unpopular popular
pro anti
anti pro
positive negative
positive neutral
negative neutral
negative positive
neutral negative
neutral positive
plus minus
minus plus
positive negative
negative positive
positive negative
negative positive
possible impossible
impossible possible
potent impotent
impotent potent
potent impotent
impotent potent
powerful powerless
powerless powerful
powered unpowered
unpowered powered
high-tension low-tension
low-tension high-tension
influential uninfluential
uninfluential influential
placental aplacental
aplacental placental
planted unplanted
unplanted planted
plowed unplowed
unplowed plowed
cultivated uncultivated
uncultivated cultivated
potted unpotted
unpotted potted
practical impractical
impractical practical
precise imprecise
imprecise precise
precocious retarded
retarded precocious
predictable unpredictable
unpredictable predictable
premeditated unpremeditated
unpremeditated premeditated
prepared unprepared
unprepared prepared
prescription nonprescription
nonprescription prescription
present absent
absent present
ostentatious unostentatious
unostentatious ostentatious
pretentious unpretentious
unpretentious pretentious
primary secondary
secondary primary
basic incidental
incidental basic
private public
public private
exclusive inclusive
inclusive exclusive
privileged underprivileged
underprivileged privileged
productive unproductive
unproductive productive
generative consumptive
consumptive generative
reproducible unreproducible
unreproducible reproducible
professional nonprofessional
nonprofessional professional
professional unprofessional
unprofessional professional
profitable unprofitable
unprofitable profitable
profound superficial
superficial profound
prognathous opisthognathous
opisthognathous prognathous
progressive regressive
regressive progressive
progressive regressive
regressive progressive
pronounceable unpronounceable
unpronounceable pronounceable
proper improper
improper proper
prophetic unprophetic
unprophetic prophetic
prospective retrospective
retrospective prospective
protected unprotected
unprotected protected
protective unprotective
unprotective protective
proud humble
humble proud
proved unproved
unproved proved
provident improvident
improvident provident
provocative unprovocative
unprovocative provocative
prudent imprudent
imprudent prudent
punctual unpunctual
unpunctual punctual
punished unpunished
unpunished punished
punitive rehabilitative
rehabilitative punitive
purebred crossbred
crossbred purebred
pure impure
impure pure
pure impure
impure pure
contaminated uncontaminated
uncontaminated contaminated
purposeful purposeless
purposeless purposeful
qualified unqualified
unqualified qualified
trained untrained
untrained trained
qualified unqualified
unqualified qualified
qualitative quantitative
quantitative qualitative
questionable unquestionable
unquestionable questionable
quiet noisy
noisy quiet
restful restless
restless restful
quiet unquiet
unquiet quiet
random nonrandom
nonrandom random
rational irrational
irrational rational
emotional cerebral
cerebral emotional
racial nonracial
nonracial racial
reactive unreactive
unreactive reactive
ready unready
unready ready
real unreal
unreal real
real unreal
unreal real
real nominal
nominal real
realistic unrealistic
unrealistic realistic
reasonable unreasonable
unreasonable reasonable
reciprocal nonreciprocal
nonreciprocal reciprocal
refined unrefined
unrefined refined
processed unprocessed
unprocessed processed
refined unrefined
unrefined refined
treated untreated
untreated treated
oiled unoiled
unoiled oiled
treated untreated
untreated treated
recoverable unrecoverable
unrecoverable recoverable
regenerate unregenerate
unregenerate regenerate
registered unregistered
unregistered registered
registered unregistered
unregistered registered
regular irregular
irregular regular
regular irregular
irregular regular
regulated unregulated
unregulated regulated
remediable irremediable
irremediable remediable
renewable unrenewable
unrenewable renewable
rentable unrentable
unrentable rentable
reparable irreparable
irreparable reparable
repeatable unrepeatable
quotable unquotable
unrepeatable repeatable
unquotable quotable
repetitive nonrepetitive
nonrepetitive repetitive
printable unprintable
unprintable printable
requested unrequested
unrequested requested
rhymed unrhymed
unrhymed rhymed
uniform multiform
multiform uniform
periodic aperiodic
aperiodic periodic
regular irregular
irregular regular
related unrelated
unrelated related
related unrelated
unrelated related
relevant irrelevant
irrelevant relevant
mindful unmindful
unmindful mindful
replaceable irreplaceable
irreplaceable replaceable
representational nonrepresentational
nonrepresentational representational
representative nonrepresentative
nonrepresentative representative
reputable disreputable
disreputable reputable
receptive unreceptive
unreceptive receptive
reconcilable irreconcilable
irreconcilable reconcilable
reserved unreserved
unreserved reserved
reserved unreserved
unreserved reserved
resistible irresistible
irresistible resistible
resolute irresolute
irresolute resolute
respectable unrespectable
unrespectable respectable
respectful disrespectful
disrespectful respectful
responsible irresponsible
irresponsible responsible
responsive unresponsive
unresponsive responsive
restrained unrestrained
unrestrained restrained
restricted unrestricted
unrestricted restricted
restrictive unrestrictive
unrestrictive restrictive
retentive unretentive
unretentive retentive
reticulate nonreticulate
nonreticulate reticulate
retractile nonretractile
nonretractile retractile
reflective nonreflective
nonreflective reflective
reflected unreflected
unreflected reflected
reverberant unreverberant
unreverberant reverberant
reverent irreverent
irreverent reverent
revived unrevived
unrevived revived
awakened unawakened
unawakened awakened
awed unawed
unawed awed
revolutionary counterrevolutionary
counterrevolutionary revolutionary
rewarding unrewarding
unrewarding rewarding
rhetorical unrhetorical
unrhetorical rhetorical
rhythmical unrhythmical
unrhythmical rhythmical
ribbed ribless
ribless ribbed
rich poor
poor rich
rich poor
poor rich
rich poor
poor rich
moneyed moneyless
moneyless moneyed
solvent insolvent
insolvent solvent
rich lean
lean rich
rimmed rimless
rimless rimmed
handed handless
handless handed
handled handleless
handleless handled
right-handed ambidextrous
right-handed left-handed
left-handed ambidextrous
left-handed right-handed
ambidextrous left-handed
ambidextrous right-handed
right center
right left
left center
left right
center left
center right
right left
left right
horned hornless
hornless horned
right wrong
wrong right
righteous unrighteous
unrighteous righteous
robust frail
frail robust
round square
square round
rounded angular
angular rounded
oblate prolate
prolate oblate
rural urban
urban rural
rusted rustless
rustless rusted
holy unholy
unholy holy
sacred profane
profane sacred
sadistic masochistic
masochistic sadistic
safe dangerous
dangerous safe
safe out
out safe
salable unsalable
unsalable salable
same different
different same
same other
other same
similar dissimilar
dissimilar similar
sane insane
insane sane
satiate insatiate
insatiate satiate
sarcastic unsarcastic
unsarcastic sarcastic
satisfactory unsatisfactory
unsatisfactory satisfactory
scalable unscalable
unscalable scalable
scholarly unscholarly
unscholarly scholarly
scientific unscientific
unscientific scientific
scrupulous unscrupulous
unscrupulous scrupulous
conscientious unconscientious
unconscientious conscientious
sealed unsealed
unsealed sealed
sealed unsealed
unsealed sealed
wrapped unwrapped
unwrapped wrapped
seaworthy unseaworthy
unseaworthy seaworthy
airworthy unairworthy
unairworthy airworthy
concealed unconcealed
unconcealed concealed
concealing revealing
revealing concealing
sectarian nonsectarian
nonsectarian sectarian
secure insecure
insecure secure
secure insecure
insecure secure
secure insecure
insecure secure
fastened unfastened
unfastened fastened
insured uninsured
uninsured insured
seductive unseductive
unseductive seductive
selfish unselfish
unselfish selfish
senior junior
junior senior
sensational unsensational
unsensational sensational
sensible insensible
insensible sensible
sensitive insensitive
insensitive sensitive
sensitive insensitive
insensitive sensitive
sensitizing desensitizing
desensitizing sensitizing
sensory extrasensory
extrasensory sensory
sent unsent
unsent sent
separate joint
joint separate
sanitary unsanitary
unsanitary sanitary
septic antiseptic
antiseptic septic
germfree germy
germy germfree
adulterating purifying
purifying adulterating
serious frivolous
frivolous serious
playful unplayful
unplayful playful
selected unselected
unselected selected
serviceable unserviceable
unserviceable serviceable
resident nonresident
nonresident resident
settled unsettled
unsettled settled
migratory nonmigratory
nonmigratory migratory
settled unsettled
unsettled settled
sexy unsexy
unsexy sexy
sexual asexual
asexual sexual
castrated uncastrated
uncastrated castrated
aphrodisiac anaphrodisiac
anaphrodisiac aphrodisiac
estrous anestrous
anestrous estrous
shapely unshapely
unshapely shapely
breasted breastless
breastless breasted
formed unformed
unformed formed
shared unshared
unshared shared
shaven unshaven
unshaven shaven
sheared unsheared
unsheared sheared
sheathed unsheathed
unsheathed sheathed
shockable unshockable
unshockable shockable
shod unshod
unshod shod
calced discalced
discalced calced
nearsighted farsighted
farsighted nearsighted
shrinkable unshrinkable
unshrinkable shrinkable
sighted blind
blind sighted
signed unsigned
unsigned signed
significant insignificant
insignificant significant
significant nonsignificant
nonsignificant significant
silenced unsilenced
unsilenced silenced
simple compound
compound simple
simple complex
complex simple
sincere insincere
insincere sincere
singular plural
plural singular
singular plural
plural singular
cardinal ordinal
ordinal cardinal
scripted unscripted
unscripted scripted
sinkable unsinkable
unsinkable sinkable
single multiple
multiple single
double single
single double
multiple-choice true-false
true-false multiple-choice
single-lane multilane
multilane single-lane
sized unsized
unsized sized
sized unsized
unsized sized
skilled unskilled
unskilled skilled
verbal numerical
numerical verbal
coarse fine
fine coarse
smoky smokeless
smokeless smoky
slippery nonslippery
nonslippery slippery
lubricated unlubricated
unlubricated lubricated
smooth rough
rough smooth
smooth rough
rough smooth
furrowed unfurrowed
unfurrowed furrowed
smooth rough
rough smooth
rifled unrifled
unrifled rifled
social unsocial
unsocial social
accompanied unaccompanied
unaccompanied accompanied
accompanied unaccompanied
unaccompanied accompanied
gregarious ungregarious
ungregarious gregarious
gregarious ungregarious
ungregarious gregarious
seamed seamless
seamless seamed
seeded unseeded
unseeded seeded
seedy seedless
seedless seedy
shuttered unshuttered
unshuttered shuttered
sleeved sleeveless
sleeveless sleeved
sociable unsociable
unsociable sociable
sold unsold
unsold sold
soled soleless
soleless soled
solid gaseous
solid liquid
liquid gaseous
liquid solid
gaseous liquid
gaseous solid
solid hollow
hollow solid
soluble insoluble
insoluble soluble
soluble insoluble
insoluble soluble
solved unsolved
unsolved solved
some all
some no
no all
no some
all no
all some
sophisticated naive
naive sophisticated
sound unsound
unsound sound
sound unsound
unsound sound
effervescent noneffervescent
noneffervescent effervescent
sparkling still
still sparkling
specialized unspecialized
unspecialized specialized
spinous spineless
spineless spinous
spirited spiritless
spiritless spirited
spontaneous induced
induced spontaneous
spoken written
written spoken
voiced unvoiced
unvoiced voiced
written unwritten
unwritten written
vocalic consonantal
consonantal vocalic
stoppable unstoppable
unstoppable stoppable
syllabic nonsyllabic
nonsyllabic syllabic
syllabic nonsyllabic
nonsyllabic syllabic
syllabic accentual
syllabic quantitative
accentual quantitative
accentual syllabic
quantitative accentual
quantitative syllabic
stable unstable
unstable stable
staccato legato
legato staccato
staged unstaged
unstaged staged
standard nonstandard
nonstandard standard
standard nonstandard
nonstandard standard
standard nonstandard
nonstandard standard
starchy starchless
starchless starchy
starry starless
starless starry
nourished malnourished
malnourished nourished
steady unsteady
unsteady steady
stemmed stemless
stemless stemmed
stimulating unstimulating
unstimulating stimulating
depressant stimulative
stimulative depressant
stomatous astomatous
astomatous stomatous
straight crooked
crooked straight
straight curved
curved straight
coiled uncoiled
uncoiled coiled
straight crooked
crooked straight
stressed unstressed
unstressed stressed
tonic atonic
atonic tonic
strong weak
weak strong
stubborn docile
docile stubborn
subordinate insubordinate
insubordinate subordinate
successful unsuccessful
unsuccessful successful
sufficient insufficient
insufficient sufficient
sugary sugarless
sugarless sugary
superior inferior
inferior superior
superior inferior
inferior superior
superior inferior
inferior superior
superjacent subjacent
subjacent superjacent
superscript adscript
superscript subscript
subscript adscript
subscript superscript
adscript subscript
adscript superscript
supervised unsupervised
unsupervised supervised
supported unsupported
unsupported supported
supported unsupported
unsupported supported
assisted unassisted
unassisted assisted
supportive unsupportive
unsupportive supportive
surmountable insurmountable
insurmountable surmountable
surprised unsurprised
unsurprised surprised
surprising unsurprising
unsurprising surprising
susceptible unsusceptible
unsusceptible susceptible
impressionable unimpressionable
unimpressionable impressionable
exempt nonexempt
nonexempt exempt
scheduled unscheduled
unscheduled scheduled
sweet dry
dry sweet
sweet sour
sour sweet
soured unsoured
unsoured soured
suspected unsuspected
unsuspected suspected
swept unswept
unswept swept
sworn unsworn
unsworn sworn
symmetrical asymmetrical
asymmetrical symmetrical
actinomorphic zygomorphic
zygomorphic actinomorphic
sympathetic unsympathetic
unsympathetic sympathetic
sympathetic unsympathetic
unsympathetic sympathetic
sympatric allopatric
allopatric sympatric
synchronic diachronic
diachronic synchronic
synchronous asynchronous
asynchronous synchronous
synchronous asynchronous
asynchronous synchronous
syndetic asyndetic
asyndetic syndetic
synonymous antonymous
antonymous synonymous
systematic unsystematic
unsystematic systematic
taciturn voluble
voluble taciturn
tactful tactless
tactless tactful
tall short
short tall
tame wild
wild tame
tame wild
wild tame
tangible intangible
intangible tangible
tangible intangible
intangible tangible
tasteful tasteless
tasteless tasteful
tasty tasteless
tasteless tasty
taxable nontaxable
nontaxable taxable
temperate intemperate
intemperate temperate
temperate intemperate
intemperate temperate
tense lax
lax tense
tense lax
lax tense
tense relaxed
relaxed tense
hypertonic hypotonic
hypotonic hypertonic
territorial extraterritorial
extraterritorial territorial
territorial nonterritorial
nonterritorial territorial
thermoplastic thermosetting
thermosetting thermoplastic
thick thin
thin thick
thick thin
thin thick
thinkable unthinkable
unthinkable thinkable
thoughtful thoughtless
thoughtless thoughtful
thrifty wasteful
wasteful thrifty
tidy untidy
untidy tidy
groomed ungroomed
ungroomed groomed
combed uncombed
uncombed combed
timbered untimbered
untimbered timbered
toned toneless
toneless toned
tongued tongueless
tongueless tongued
tipped untipped
untipped tipped
tired rested
rested tired
tolerable intolerable
intolerable tolerable
tolerant intolerant
intolerant tolerant
tonal atonal
atonal tonal
toothed toothless
toothless toothed
top bottom
top side
bottom side
bottom top
side bottom
side top
topped topless
topless topped
bottomed bottomless
bottomless bottomed
top-down bottom-up
bottom-up top-down
equatorial polar
polar equatorial
testate intestate
intestate testate
touched untouched
untouched touched
tough tender
tender tough
tough tender
tender tough
tough tender
tender tough
toxic nontoxic
nontoxic toxic
tractable intractable
intractable tractable
table_d'hote a_la_carte
a_la_carte table_d'hote
traceable untraceable
untraceable traceable
tracked trackless
trackless tracked
traveled untraveled
untraveled traveled
trimmed untrimmed
untrimmed trimmed
troubled untroubled
untroubled troubled
true false
false true
trustful distrustful
distrustful trustful
trustworthy untrustworthy
untrustworthy trustworthy
tubed tubeless
tubeless tubed
tucked untucked
untucked tucked
turned unturned
unturned turned
typical atypical
atypical typical
underhand overhand
overhand underhand
surface overhead
surface subsurface
subsurface overhead
subsurface surface
overhead subsurface
overhead surface
submersible nonsubmersible
nonsubmersible submersible
tearful tearless
tearless tearful
union nonunion
nonunion union
uniparous multiparous
multiparous uniparous
unipolar bipolar
bipolar unipolar
united divided
divided united
adnate connate
connate adnate
univalve bivalve
bivalve univalve
ascending descending
descending ascending
rising falling
falling rising
climactic anticlimactic
anticlimactic climactic
upmarket downmarket
downmarket upmarket
transitive intransitive
intransitive transitive
translatable untranslatable
untranslatable translatable
ungulate unguiculate
unguiculate ungulate
up down
down up
upstage downstage
downstage upstage
upstairs downstairs
downstairs upstairs
upstream downstream
downstream upstream
uptown downtown
downtown uptown
used misused
misused used
useful useless
useless useful
utopian dystopian
dystopian utopian
valid invalid
invalid valid
valuable worthless
worthless valuable
variable invariable
invariable variable
varied unvaried
unvaried varied
veiled unveiled
unveiled veiled
ventilated unventilated
unventilated ventilated
vertebrate invertebrate
invertebrate vertebrate
violable inviolable
inviolable violable
violent nonviolent
nonviolent violent
virtuous wicked
wicked virtuous
visible invisible
invisible visible
viviparous oviparous
viviparous ovoviviparous
oviparous ovoviviparous
oviparous viviparous
ovoviviparous oviparous
ovoviviparous viviparous
volatile nonvolatile
nonvolatile volatile
voluntary involuntary
involuntary voluntary
voluntary involuntary
involuntary voluntary
vulnerable invulnerable
invulnerable vulnerable
wanted unwanted
unwanted wanted
warm cool
cool warm
warm cool
cool warm
warm cool
cool warm
warm-blooded cold-blooded
cold-blooded warm-blooded
warmhearted coldhearted
coldhearted warmhearted
washable nonwashable
nonwashable washable
waxed unwaxed
unwaxed waxed
waxing waning
waning waxing
increasing decreasing
decreasing increasing
increasing decreasing
decreasing increasing
inflationary deflationary
deflationary inflationary
weaned unweaned
unweaned weaned
wearable unwearable
unwearable wearable
weedy weedless
weedless weedy
welcome unwelcome
unwelcome welcome
well ill
ill well
wet dry
dry wet
wet dry
dry wet
wet dry
dry wet
wet dry
dry wet
hydrous anhydrous
anhydrous hydrous
wheeled wheelless
wheelless wheeled
white-collar blue-collar
blue-collar white-collar
wholesome unwholesome
unwholesome wholesome
wide narrow
narrow wide
wide narrow
narrow wide
wieldy unwieldy
unwieldy wieldy
wigged wigless
wigless wigged
willing unwilling
unwilling willing
winged wingless
wingless winged
wired wireless
wireless wired
wise foolish
foolish wise
wooded unwooded
unwooded wooded
woody nonwoody
nonwoody woody
worldly unworldly
unworldly worldly
woven unwoven
unwoven woven
worn new
new worn
worthy unworthy
unworthy worthy
xeric hydric
xeric mesic
hydric mesic
hydric xeric
mesic hydric
mesic xeric
zonal azonal
azonal zonal
acrocarpous pleurocarpous
pleurocarpous acrocarpous
cursorial fossorial
fossorial cursorial
homocercal heterocercal
heterocercal homocercal
webbed unwebbed
unwebbed webbed
faceted unfaceted
unfaceted faceted
ipsilateral contralateral
contralateral ipsilateral
salient re-entrant
re-entrant salient
proactive retroactive
retroactive proactive
rh-positive rh-negative
rh-negative rh-positive
categorematic syncategorematic
syncategorematic categorematic
idiographic nomothetic
nomothetic idiographic
pro-choice pro-life
pro-life pro-choice
baptized unbaptized
unbaptized baptized
benign malignant
malignant benign
calcicolous calcifugous
calcifugous calcicolous
invertible non-invertible
non-invertible invertible
immunocompetent immunodeficient
immunodeficient immunocompetent
allogeneic xenogeneic
xenogeneic allogeneic
long-spurred short-spurred
short-spurred long-spurred
shelled unshelled
unshelled shelled
jawed jawless
jawless jawed
skinned skinless
skinless skinned
flowering flowerless
flowerless flowering
abient adient
adient abient
alphabetic analphabetic
analphabetic alphabetic
anodic cathodic
cathodic anodic
autotrophic heterotrophic
heterotrophic autotrophic
bracteate ebracteate
extracellular intracellular
intracellular extracellular
cenobitic eremitic
eremitic cenobitic
cenogenetic palingenetic
palingenetic cenogenetic
chromatinic achromatinic
achromatinic chromatinic
directional omnidirectional
omnidirectional directional
dysgenic eugenic
eugenic dysgenic
ebracteate bracteate
febrile afebrile
afebrile febrile
fictional nonfictional
nonfictional fictional
fretted unfretted
unfretted fretted
harmonic nonharmonic
nonharmonic harmonic
ionic nonionic
nonionic ionic
myelinated unmyelinated
unmyelinated myelinated
paradigmatic syntagmatic
passerine nonpasserine
nonpasserine passerine
photosynthetic nonphotosynthetic
nonphotosynthetic photosynthetic
ruminant nonruminant
nonruminant ruminant
spherical nonspherical
nonspherical spherical
steroidal nonsteroidal
nonsteroidal steroidal
suppurative nonsuppurative
nonsuppurative suppurative
syntagmatic paradigmatic
unthematic thematic
thematic unthematic
thermal nonthermal
nonthermal thermal
vocal instrumental
instrumental vocal
hydrostatic hydrokinetic
hydrokinetic hydrostatic
spatial nonspatial
nonspatial spatial
linguistic nonlinguistic
nonlinguistic linguistic
caudal cephalic
cephalic caudal
financial nonfinancial
nonfinancial financial
eukaryotic prokaryotic
eucaryotic procaryotic
prokaryotic eukaryotic
procaryotic eucaryotic
vascular avascular
avascular vascular
uninucleate multinucleate
multinucleate uninucleate
parental filial
filial parental
surgical nonsurgical
nonsurgical surgical
endocrine exocrine
exocrine endocrine
historical ahistorical
ahistorical historical
anti-American pro-American
pro-American anti-American
rational irrational
irrational rational
anionic cationic
cationic anionic
accusatorial inquisitorial
inquisitorial accusatorial
prenuptial postnuptial
postnuptial prenuptial
interdepartmental intradepartmental
intradepartmental interdepartmental
homeopathic allopathic
allopathic homeopathic
nontranslational translational
translational nontranslational
avenged unavenged
unavenged avenged
collected uncollected
gathered ungathered
uncollected collected
ungathered gathered
contested uncontested
uncontested contested
filled unfilled
unfilled filled
malted unmalted
unmalted malted
posed unposed
unposed posed
saponified unsaponified
unsaponified saponified
kindly unkindly
unkindly kindly
significantly insignificantly
insignificantly significantly
partly wholly
wholly partly
perfectly imperfectly
imperfectly perfectly
well ill
ill well
well badly
badly well
well ill
ill well
well badly
advantageously disadvantageously
badly well
disadvantageously advantageously
well badly
badly well
satisfactorily unsatisfactorily
unsatisfactorily satisfactorily
ever never
never ever
conventionally unconventionally
unconventionally conventionally
still no_longer
no_longer still
frequently infrequently
often rarely
rarely often
reasonably unreasonably
moderately immoderately
unreasonably reasonably
immoderately moderately
naturally unnaturally
unnaturally naturally
accidentally deliberately
specifically generally
generally specifically
fortunately unfortunately
luckily unluckily
happily sadly
sadly happily
unfortunately fortunately
unluckily luckily
happily unhappily
unhappily happily
by_hand by_machine
by_machine by_hand
acceptably unacceptably
tolerably intolerably
unacceptably acceptably
intolerably tolerably
adroitly maladroitly
maladroitly adroitly
by_all_means by_no_means
by_no_means by_all_means
directly indirectly
indirectly directly
intentionally unintentionally
deliberately accidentally
deliberately accidentally
unintentionally intentionally
accidentally deliberately
loudly softly
softly loudly
back ahead
backward forward
backward forward
forward backward
ahead back
forward backward
covertly overtly
overtly covertly
actively passively
passively actively
below above
above below
below above
above below
insanely sanely
sanely insanely
singly multiply
multiply singly
empirically theoretically
quickly slowly
permissibly impermissibly
impermissibly permissibly
permanently temporarily
temporarily permanently
geometrically linearly
conclusively inconclusively
inconclusively conclusively
downstairs upstairs
upstairs downstairs
downwind upwind
upwind downwind
windward leeward
downwind upwind
leeward windward
upwind downwind
down up
downwards upwards
downward upward
downwardly upwardly
down up
down up
up down
upwards downwards
upward downward
upwardly downwardly
up down
up down
upriver downriver
upstream downstream
downriver upriver
downstream upstream
more less
less more
more less
less more
early late
late early
at_least at_most
at_the_least at_the_most
at_most at_least
at_the_most at_the_least
at_best at_worst
at_worst at_best
responsibly irresponsibly
irresponsibly responsibly
unremarkably remarkably
remarkably unremarkably
here there
here there
there here
there here
inside outside
indoors outdoors
outside inside
outdoors indoors
inside outside
outside inside
most least
least most
organically inorganically
inorganically organically
officially unofficially
unofficially officially
centrally peripherally
peripherally centrally
on_the_other_hand on_the_one_hand
on_the_one_hand on_the_other_hand
successfully unsuccessfully
systematically unsystematically
consistently inconsistently
unsystematically systematically
inconsistently consistently
constitutionally unconstitutionally
unconstitutionally constitutionally
democratically undemocratically
undemocratically democratically
typically atypically
atypically typically
linearly geometrically
secondarily primarily
primarily secondarily
dramatically undramatically
undramatically dramatically
appropriately inappropriately
suitably unsuitably
inappropriately appropriately
unsuitably suitably
offshore onshore
onshore offshore
naturally artificially
artificially naturally
acutely chronically
chronically acutely
sufficiently insufficiently
insufficiently sufficiently
unhesitatingly hesitantly
hesitantly unhesitatingly
in_hand out_of_hand
out_of_hand in_hand
mindfully unmindfully
advertently inadvertently
unmindfully mindfully
lawlessly lawfully
comfortably uncomfortably
uncomfortably comfortably
slowly quickly
publicly privately
privately publicly
privately publicly
publicly privately
unsuccessfully successfully
theoretically empirically
orad aborad
aborad orad
impatiently patiently
patiently impatiently
unsteadily steadily
steadily unsteadily
symmetrically asymmetrically
asymmetrically symmetrically
heavily lightly
lightly heavily
strongly weakly
weakly strongly
amply meagerly
gracefully gracelessly
gracelessly gracefully
considerately inconsiderately
inconsiderately considerately
helpfully unhelpfully
unhelpfully helpfully
rationally irrationally
irrationally rationally
critically uncritically
uncritically critically
competently incompetently
incompetently competently
emotionally unemotionally
unemotionally emotionally
informally formally
formally informally
uptown downtown
downtown uptown
enthusiastically unenthusiastically
unenthusiastically enthusiastically
coarsely finely
finely coarsely
sympathetically unsympathetically
unsympathetically sympathetically
convincingly unconvincingly
unconvincingly convincingly
graciously ungraciously
gracefully ungracefully
ungraciously graciously
ungracefully gracefully
regularly irregularly
irregularly regularly
improperly properly
properly improperly
conveniently inconveniently
inconveniently conveniently
concretely abstractly
abstractly concretely
fearfully fearlessly
fearlessly fearfully
hopefully hopelessly
hopelessly hopefully
wisely foolishly
foolishly wisely
intelligently unintelligently
unintelligently intelligently
intelligibly unintelligibly
unintelligibly intelligibly
diplomatically undiplomatically
undiplomatically diplomatically
correctly incorrectly
right wrongly
incorrectly correctly
wrongly right
accurately inaccurately
inaccurately accurately
justly unjustly
unjustly justly
hurriedly unhurriedly
unhurriedly hurriedly
binaurally monaurally
monaurally binaurally
imaginatively unimaginatively
unimaginatively imaginatively
unashamedly ashamedly
impressively unimpressively
unimpressively impressively
productively unproductively
fruitfully fruitlessly
profitably unprofitably
unproductively productively
fruitlessly fruitfully
unprofitably profitably
expertly amateurishly
amateurishly expertly
interestingly uninterestingly
uninterestingly interestingly
moderately immoderately
immoderately moderately
realistically unrealistically
unrealistically realistically
reasonably unreasonably
unreasonably reasonably
thoughtfully thoughtlessly
thoughtlessly thoughtfully
thoughtfully thoughtlessly
thoughtlessly thoughtfully
auspiciously inauspiciously
propitiously unpropitiously
inauspiciously auspiciously
unpropitiously propitiously
politely impolitely
courteously discourteously
impolitely politely
discourteously courteously
pleasantly unpleasantly
agreeably disagreeably
unpleasantly pleasantly
ambiguously unambiguously
unambiguously ambiguously
unceremoniously ceremoniously
ceremoniously unceremoniously
narrowly broadly
broadly narrowly
faithfully unfaithfully
dependably undependably
reliably unreliably
unfaithfully faithfully
undependably dependably
unreliably reliably
violently nonviolently
nonviolently violently
infinitely finitely
finitely infinitely
big small
small big
warily unwarily
unwarily warily
noisily quietly
quietly noisily
quietly unquietly
unquietly quietly
outwardly inwardly
inwardly outwardly
favorably unfavorably
unfavorably favorably
cheerfully cheerlessly
cheerlessly cheerfully
voluntarily involuntarily
involuntarily voluntarily
efficiently inefficiently
inefficiently efficiently
wittingly unwittingly
knowingly unknowingly
unwittingly wittingly
inadvertently advertently
unknowingly knowingly
justifiably unjustifiably
unjustifiably justifiably
modestly immodestly
immodestly modestly
resolutely irresolutely
irresolutely resolutely
attractively unattractively
unattractively attractively
consciously unconsciously
unconsciously consciously
competitively noncompetitively
noncompetitively competitively
believably unbelievably
believably unbelievably
unbelievably believably
decently indecently
indecently decently
characteristically uncharacteristically
uncharacteristically characteristically
internally externally
externally internally
a_posteriori a_priori
a_priori a_posteriori
lawfully unlawfully
unlawfully lawfully
full-time half-time
half-time full-time
unilaterally multilaterally
multilaterally unilaterally
counterclockwise clockwise
clockwise counterclockwise
inward outward
outward inward
offstage onstage
onstage offstage
appealingly unappealingly
unappealingly appealingly
approvingly disapprovingly
disapprovingly approvingly
ambitiously unambitiously
unambitiously ambitiously
upstage downstage
downstage upstage
ashamedly unashamedly
assertively unassertively
unassertively assertively
articulately inarticulately
inarticulately articulately
audibly inaudibly
inaudibly audibly
bloodlessly bloodily
bloodily bloodlessly
appreciatively unappreciatively
gratefully ungratefully
ungratefully gratefully
unappreciatively appreciatively
seasonably unseasonably
unseasonably seasonably
aft fore
fore aft
cautiously incautiously
carefully carelessly
incautiously cautiously
carelessly carefully
chivalrously unchivalrously
fairly unfairly
unfairly fairly
coherently incoherently
incoherently coherently
compatibly incompatibly
incompatibly compatibly
uncomplainingly complainingly
complainingly uncomplainingly
comprehensively noncomprehensively
noncomprehensively comprehensively
pro con
con pro
conditionally unconditionally
unconditionally conditionally
consequentially inconsequentially
inconsequentially consequentially
incredibly credibly
unbelievably believably
credibly incredibly
incredulously credulously
unbelievingly believingly
credulously incredulously
believingly unbelievingly
decisively indecisively
indecisively decisively
decisively indecisively
indecisively decisively
thickly thinly
possibly impossibly
impossibly possibly
deservedly undeservedly
undeservedly deservedly
controversially uncontroversially
uncontroversially controversially
decorously indecorously
indecorously decorously
willingly unwillingly
unwillingly willingly
defensively offensively
offensively defensively
inoffensively offensively
offensively inoffensively
harmfully harmlessly
harmlessly harmfully
disagreeably agreeably
honestly dishonestly
dishonestly honestly
dishonorably honorably
honorably dishonorably
loyally disloyally
disloyally loyally
obediently disobediently
disobediently obediently
disproportionately proportionately
proportionately disproportionately
disproportionately proportionately
proportionately disproportionately
disreputably reputably
reputably disreputably
respectfully disrespectfully
disrespectfully respectfully
distrustfully trustfully
trustfully distrustfully
easterly westerly
westerly easterly
effectually ineffectually
ineffectually effectually
efficaciously inefficaciously
effectively ineffectively
inefficaciously efficaciously
ineffectively effectively
selfishly unselfishly
unselfishly selfishly
elegantly inelegantly
inelegantly elegantly
eloquently ineloquently
articulately inarticulately
ineloquently eloquently
inarticulately articulately
encouragingly discouragingly
discouragingly encouragingly
equitably inequitably
inequitably equitably
ethically unethically
unethically ethically
evenly unevenly
regularly irregularly
unevenly evenly
irregularly regularly
regularly irregularly
irregularly regularly
evenly unevenly
equally unequally
unevenly evenly
unequally equally
excitingly unexcitingly
unexcitingly excitingly
excusably inexcusably
forgivably unforgivably
pardonably unpardonably
inexcusably excusably
unpardonably pardonably
unforgivably forgivably
expediently inexpediently
inexpediently expediently
expensively cheaply
cheaply expensively
expressively inexpressively
inexpressively expressively
fashionably unfashionably
unfashionably fashionably
civilly uncivilly
uncivilly civilly
feelingly unfeelingly
unfeelingly feelingly
felicitously infelicitously
infelicitously felicitously
figuratively literally
literally figuratively
flexibly inflexibly
inflexibly flexibly
forgivingly unforgivingly
unforgivingly forgivingly
piano forte
forte piano
pianissimo fortissimo
fortissimo pianissimo
joyfully joylessly
joylessly joyfully
grudgingly ungrudgingly
ungrudgingly grudgingly
hospitably inhospitably
inhospitably hospitably
humanely inhumanely
inhumanely humanely
humorously humorlessly
humorlessly humorously
hygienically unhygienically
unhygienically hygienically
legibly illegibly
illegibly legibly
illegitimately legitimately
legitimately illegitimately
illegitimately legitimately
illicitly licitly
legitimately illegitimately
lawfully lawlessly
licitly illicitly
logically illogically
illogically logically
morally immorally
immorally morally
impenitently penitently
unrepentantly repentantly
penitently impenitently
repentantly unrepentantly
imperceptibly perceptibly
perceptibly imperceptibly
impersonally personally
personally impersonally
implicitly explicitly
explicitly implicitly
precisely imprecisely
exactly inexactly
imprecisely precisely
inexactly exactly
improvidently providently
providently improvidently
prudently imprudently
imprudently prudently
adequately inadequately
inadequately adequately
incomparably comparably
comparably incomparably
conspicuously inconspicuously
inconspicuously conspicuously
discreetly indiscreetly
indiscreetly discreetly
informatively uninformatively
instructively uninstructively
uninformatively informatively
uninstructively instructively
infrequently frequently
inopportunely opportunely
opportunely inopportunely
securely insecurely
insecurely securely
securely insecurely
insecurely securely
sensitively insensitively
insensitively sensitively
sincerely insincerely
insincerely sincerely
tolerantly intolerantly
intolerantly tolerantly
transitively intransitively
intransitively transitively
invisibly visibly
visibly invisibly
irrelevantly relevantly
irreverently reverently
immaturely maturely
maturely immaturely
judiciously injudiciously
injudiciously judiciously
left right
right left
legato staccato
staccato legato
manageably unmanageably
unmanageably manageably
manfully unmanfully
unmanfully manfully
benevolently malevolently
malevolently benevolently
maximally minimally
minimally maximally
meagerly amply
meagerly amply
amply meagerly
immeasurably measurably
measurably immeasurably
melodiously unmelodiously
unmelodiously melodiously
memorably unmemorably
unmemorably memorably
untruthfully truthfully
truthfully untruthfully
musically unmusically
unmusically musically
narrow-mindedly broad-mindedly
broad-mindedly narrow-mindedly
necessarily unnecessarily
unnecessarily necessarily
objectively subjectively
subjectively objectively
obtrusively unobtrusively
unobtrusively obtrusively
optimistically pessimistically
pessimistically optimistically
optionally obligatorily
obligatorily optionally
palatably unpalatably
unpalatably palatably
patriotically unpatriotically
unpatriotically patriotically
recognizably unrecognizably
unrecognizably recognizably
pretentiously unpretentiously
unpretentiously pretentiously
relevantly irrelevantly
retail wholesale
wholesale retail
reverently irreverently
righteously unrighteously
unrighteously righteously
self-consciously unselfconsciously
unselfconsciously self-consciously
sentimentally unsentimentally
unsentimentally sentimentally
separably inseparably
inseparably separably
smilingly unsmilingly
unsmilingly smilingly
sociably unsociably
unsociably sociably
sportingly unsportingly
unsportingly sportingly
romantically unromantically
unromantically romantically
tactfully tactlessly
tactlessly tactfully
tastefully tastelessly
tastelessly tastefully
thinly thickly
thickly thinly
thinly thickly
thinly thickly
thickly thinly
unchivalrously chivalrously
ungrammatically grammatically
grammatically ungrammatically
unnaturally naturally
naturally unnaturally
precedentedly unprecedentedly
unprecedentedly precedentedly
honorably dishonorably
dishonorably honorably
usefully uselessly
uselessly usefully
convexly concavely
concavely convexly
painfully painlessly
painlessly painfully
abaxially adaxially
adaxially abaxially
exhale inhale
inhale exhale
rest be_active
be_active rest
sleep wake
hibernate aestivate
hibernate estivate
estivate hibernate
aestivate hibernate
fall_asleep wake_up
go_to_bed get_up
turn_in turn_out
get_up go_to_bed
turn_out turn_in
wake_up fall_asleep
awaken cause_to_sleep
cause_to_sleep awaken
wake sleep
anesthetize bring_to
bring_to anesthetize
sedate stimulate
stimulate sedate
energize de-energize
energise de-energise
de-energize energize
de-energise energise
refresh tire
tense relax
strain unstrain
relax tense
unstrain strain
tense relax
relax tense
laugh cry
overdress underdress
dress_up dress_down
dress_down dress_up
underdress overdress
reduce gain
gain reduce
dress undress
dress undress
overdress underdress
underdress overdress
undress dress
undress dress
slip_on slip_off
slip_off slip_on
carry_to_term miscarry
miscarry carry_to_term
irritate soothe
soothe irritate
suffer be_well
be_well suffer
cry laugh
tire refresh
vomit keep_down
keep_down vomit
infect disinfect
disinfect infect
deteriorate recuperate
recuperate deteriorate
change stay
stay change
differentiate dedifferentiate
dedifferentiate differentiate
mythologize demythologize
demythologize mythologize
decrease increase
increase decrease
increase decrease
assimilate dissimilate
assimilate dissimilate
assimilate dissimilate
dissimilate assimilate
dissimilate assimilate
dissimilate assimilate
vitalize devitalize
devitalize vitalize
enrich deprive
deprive enrich
take_away add
unclutter clutter
clutter unclutter
add take_away
activate inactivate
inactivate activate
deaden enliven
enliven deaden
correct falsify
falsify correct
worsen better
better worsen
better worsen
worsen better
dehydrate hydrate
hydrate dehydrate
wet dry
humidify dehumidify
dehumidify humidify
dry wet
lock unlock
unlock lock
unlock lock
engage disengage
disengage engage
strengthen weaken
strengthen weaken
weaken strengthen
weaken strengthen
deoxidize oxidize
deoxidise oxidise
oxidize deoxidize
oxidise deoxidise
reduce blow_up
blow_up reduce
shrink stretch
contract expand
stretch shrink
contract expand
progress regress
regress progress
age rejuvenate
rejuvenate age
soften harden
soften harden
repair break
inflate deflate
deflate inflate
acidify alkalize
alkalize acidify
get_well get_worse
get_worse get_well
freeze unfreeze
block unblock
unblock block
unfreeze freeze
stabilize destabilize
stabilise destabilise
destabilize stabilize
destabilise stabilise
stabilize destabilise
stabilize destabilize
destabilize stabilize
destabilise stabilize
sensitize desensitize
desensitize sensitize
disorder order
predate postdate
postdate predate
order disorder
whiten blacken
blacken whiten
lighten darken
discolor color
color discolor
escalate de-escalate
de-escalate escalate
beautify uglify
uglify beautify
tune untune
untune tune
qualify disqualify
disqualify qualify
widen narrow
let_out take_in
take_in let_out
narrow widen
implode explode
explode implode
dehydrogenate hydrogenate
hydrogenate dehydrogenate
blur focus
darken brighten
darken lighten
brighten darken
blur focus
focus blur
focus blur
depreciate appreciate
depreciate appreciate
appreciate depreciate
appreciate depreciate
shorten lengthen
lengthen shorten
shorten lengthen
lengthen shorten
materialize dematerialize
materialise dematerialise
dematerialize materialize
dematerialise materialise
begin end
begin end
end begin
end begin
die be_born
be_born die
unify disunify
disunify unify
cool heat
cool heat
heat cool
heat cool
freeze boil
boil freeze
personalize depersonalize
personalise depersonalise
depersonalize personalize
depersonalise personalise
stifle stimulate
sharpen flatten
flatten sharpen
synchronize desynchronize
synchronise desynchronise
desynchronize synchronize
desynchronise synchronise
disintegrate integrate
magnetize demagnetize
magnetise demagnetise
demagnetize magnetize
demagnetise magnetise
simplify complicate
complicate simplify
pressurize depressurize
pressurise depressurise
depressurize pressurize
depressurise pressurise
centralize decentralize
centralise decentralise
concentrate deconcentrate
decentralize centralise
decentralize centralize
deconcentrate concentrate
winterize summerize
summerize winterize
nationalize denationalize
nationalise denationalise
denationalize nationalize
denationalise nationalise
naturalize denaturalize
denaturalize naturalize
naturalize denaturalize
denaturalize naturalize
immigrate emigrate
emigrate immigrate
stiffen loosen
stiffen loosen
loosen stiffen
loosen stiffen
transitivize detransitivize
detransitivize transitivize
appear disappear
appear disappear
disappear appear
disappear appear
minimize maximize
minimise maximise
scale_down scale_up
scale_up scale_down
maximize minimize
maximise minimise
thin thicken
thin thicken
thicken thin
thicken thin
wax wane
wax wane
wane wax
wane wax
unfurl roll_up
roll_up unfurl
diversify specialise
diversify specialize
specialize diversify
specialise diversify
accelerate decelerate
decelerate accelerate
accelerate decelerate
decelerate accelerate
decrease increase
harden soften
harden soften
validate invalidate
invalidate validate
empty fill
empty fill
fill empty
fill empty
homogenise curdle
homogenize curdle
homogenise curdle
curdle homogenise
curdle homogenise
curdle homogenize
rush delay
delay rush
quieten louden
louden quieten
align skew
skew align
integrate disintegrate
decontaminate contaminate
contaminate decontaminate
calcify decalcify
decalcify calcify
emulsify demulsify
emulsify demulsify
demulsify emulsify
demulsify emulsify
denazify nazify
nazify denazify
denitrify nitrify
nitrify denitrify
stimulate stifle
disable enable
enable disable
background foreground
play_down play_up
foreground background
play_up play_down
mystify demystify
demystify mystify
de-ionate ionate
iodinate de-iodinate
de-iodinate iodinate
ionate de-ionate
occidentalize orientalize
occidentalise orientalise
orientalize occidentalize
orientalise occidentalise
salinate desalinate
desalinate salinate
scramble unscramble
unscramble scramble
crescendo decrescendo
decrescendo crescendo
back veer
veer back
deflate inflate
inflate deflate
deflate inflate
inflate deflate
stalinize destalinize
destalinize stalinize
know ignore
keep_track lose_track
lose_track keep_track
ignore know
remember forget
forget remember
mind forget
remember forget
forget remember
forget mind
neglect attend_to
exclude include
attend_to neglect
literalize spiritualize
spiritualize literalize
add subtract
subtract add
multiply divide
divide multiply
differentiate integrate
integrate differentiate
analyze synthesize
synthesize analyze
downgrade upgrade
upgrade downgrade
prove disprove
affirm negate
negate affirm
invalidate validate
validate invalidate
disprove prove
underestimate overestimate
overestimate underestimate
approve disapprove
disapprove approve
dispose indispose
indispose dispose
believe disbelieve
disbelieve believe
include exclude
reject accept
accept reject
approbate reprobate
reprobate approbate
distrust trust
mistrust trust
trust distrust
trust mistrust
respect disrespect
esteem disesteem
disrespect respect
disesteem esteem
overvalue undervalue
overestimate underestimate
undervalue overvalue
underestimate overestimate
associate dissociate
dissociate associate
claim disclaim
disclaim claim
disclaim claim
claim disclaim
persuade dissuade
talk_out_of talk_into
talk_into talk_out_of
dissuade persuade
forbid permit
disallow allow
refuse accept
accept refuse
contract_in contract_out
contract_out contract_in
permit forbid
allow disallow
assent dissent
dissent assent
disagree agree
agree disagree
approve disapprove
disapprove approve
avoid confront
confront avoid
deny admit
admit deny
avow disavow
disavow avow
criticize praise
overstate understate
understate overstate
blame absolve
disparage flatter
deceive undeceive
undeceive deceive
praise criticize
cheer complain
applaud boo
boo applaud
curse bless
bless curse
consecrate desecrate
desecrate consecrate
flatter disparage
oblige disoblige
disoblige oblige
make break
welcome say_farewell
say_farewell welcome
absolve blame
acquit convict
convict acquit
complain cheer
shout whisper
whisper shout
indicate contraindicate
indicate contraindicate
contraindicate indicate
contraindicate indicate
talk keep_quiet
keep_quiet talk
clarify obfuscate
obfuscate clarify
devoice voice
voice devoice
expand contract
check_in check_out
clock_in clock_out
punch_in punch_out
check_out check_in
clock_out clock_in
punch_out punch_in
qualify disqualify
disqualify qualify
encode decode
decode encode
record erase
erase record
specify generalize
generalize specify
excommunicate communicate
communicate excommunicate
close_up open_up
open_up close_up
spell unspell
unspell spell
enter drop_out
drop_out enter
arm disarm
disarm arm
demobilize mobilize
demobilise mobilise
mobilize demobilize
mobilise demobilise
war make_peace
make_peace war
enlist discharge
discharge enlist
mobilize demobilize
demobilize mobilize
militarize demilitarize
militarise demilitarise
demilitarize militarize
demilitarise militarise
lose win
win lose
gain fall_back
fall_back gain
surrender resist
resist surrender
attack defend
defend attack
overshoot undershoot
defuse fuse
fuse defuse
undershoot overshoot
consume abstain
eat_in eat_out
eat_out eat_in
live_in live_out
live_out live_in
feed starve
breastfeed bottlefeed
bottlefeed breastfeed
starve feed
starve be_full
be_full starve
abstain consume
clasp unclasp
hold let_go_of
clasp unclasp
unclasp clasp
unclasp clasp
twist untwist
untwist twist
hit miss
miss hit
dull sharpen
sharpen dull
smooth roughen
roughen smooth
fold unfold
bend unbend
unbend bend
wrap unwrap
unwrap wrap
untie tie
tie untie
chain unchain
unchain chain
strap unstrap
unstrap strap
attach detach
join disjoin
disjoin join
disjoin join
join disjoin
attach detach
couple uncouple
uncouple couple
prefix suffix
suffix prefix
detach attach
detach attach
bridle unbridle
bind unbind
lash unlash
unlash lash
unbind bind
dock undock
undock dock
aggrade degrade
degrade aggrade
hitch unhitch
unhitch hitch
cover uncover
uncover cover
fasten unfasten
unzip zip_up
bar unbar
unbar bar
fasten unfasten
unfasten fasten
unfasten fasten
close open
open close
open close
close open
lock unlock
lock unlock
unlock lock
bolt unbolt
unbolt bolt
unscrew screw
screw unscrew
seal unseal
zip_up unzip
unseal seal
connect disconnect
disconnect connect
mask unmask
unmask mask
string unstring
unstring string
hook unhook
belt unbelt
unbelt belt
unhook hook
staple unstaple
unstaple staple
clip unclip
unclip clip
button unbutton
unbutton button
pin unpin
unpin pin
break repair
spread gather
gather spread
compress decompress
decompress compress
plug_in unplug
unplug plug_in
cork uncork
uncork cork
bring take_away
take_away bring
pull push
adduct abduct
abduct adduct
entangle disentangle
snarl unsnarl
disentangle entangle
unsnarl snarl
arrange disarrange
disarrange arrange
let_go_of hold
free obstruct
obstruct free
clog unclog
unclog clog
stuff unstuff
unstuff stuff
pack unpack
veil unveil
unveil veil
box unbox
unbox box
unpack pack
crate uncrate
uncrate crate
burden unburden
unburden burden
charge discharge
discharge charge
yoke unyoke
inspan outspan
unyoke yoke
outspan inspan
harness unharness
unharness harness
saddle unsaddle
unsaddle saddle
attract repel
repel attract
switch_on switch_off
switch_off switch_on
engage disengage
disengage engage
twine untwine
untwine twine
weave unweave
unweave weave
braid unbraid
unbraid braid
unravel ravel
unknot knot
ravel unravel
ravel unravel
knot unknot
unravel ravel
wind unwind
unwind wind
coil uncoil
uncoil coil
malfunction function
function malfunction
run idle
idle run
go_on go_off
go_off go_on
lodge dislodge
dislodge lodge
clean dirty
dirty clean
handwash machine_wash
machine_wash handwash
sit lie
sit stand
stand lie
stand sit
lie sit
lie stand
buckle unbuckle
unbuckle buckle
unfold fold
sheathe unsheathe
unsheathe sheathe
wire unwire
unwire wire
make unmake
unmake make
phase_in phase_out
phase_out phase_in
incarnate disincarnate
disincarnate incarnate
assemble disassemble
disassemble assemble
raise level
level raise
cast_on cast_off
cast_off cast_on
overact underact
underact overact
agitate calm
calm agitate
worry reassure
reassure worry
hate love
love hate
dislike like
like dislike
dehumanize humanize
humanize dehumanize
attract repel
repel attract
despair hope
hope despair
elate depress
gladden sadden
sadden gladden
sadden gladden
gladden sadden
lighten weigh_down
weigh_down lighten
depress elate
please displease
satisfy dissatisfy
dissatisfy satisfy
content discontent
discontent content
displease please
enchant disenchant
disenchant enchant
hearten dishearten
encourage discourage
discourage encourage
dishearten hearten
interest bore
bore interest
wish begrudge
begrudge wish
admire look_down_on
look_down_on admire
move stand_still
stand_still move
travel stay_in_place
stay_in_place travel
go come
come go
move stay
move_in move_out
move_out move_in
stay move
start stop
stop start
stop start
start stop
push pull
tide ebb
ebb tide
float sink
walk ride
cross uncross
uncross cross
file_in file_out
pop_in pop_out
pop_out pop_in
file_out file_in
hop_on hop_out
hop_out hop_on
ride walk
rise fall
ascend descend
rise set
set rise
descend ascend
fall rise
lower raise
raise lower
disembark embark
embark disembark
arise lie_down
arise sit_down
sit_down arise
lie_down arise
glycerolize deglycerolize
deglycerolize glycerolize
sink float
advance recede
advance back
recede advance
back advance
follow precede
precede follow
arrive leave
bottom_out top_out
top_out bottom_out
depart stay
stay depart
leave arrive
pull_out pull_in
pull_in pull_out
exit enter
get_off get_on
enter exit
get_on get_off
diverge converge
converge diverge
straighten bend
bend straighten
linger rush
rush linger
expand contract
dock undock
undock dock
suffer enjoy
enjoy suffer
overexpose underexpose
underexpose overexpose
overexpose underexpose
underexpose overexpose
desensitize sensitize
desensitise sensitise
sensitize desensitize
sensitise desensitise
notice ignore
ignore notice
odorize deodorize
odourise deodourise
deodorize odorize
deodourise odourise
show hide
open close
close open
hide show
orient disorient
disorient orient
blur focus
focus blur
quieten louden
louden quieten
soften sharpen
sharpen soften
sweeten sour
sour sweeten
give take
keep lose
take give
buy sell
deny allow
bequeath disinherit
import export
export import
download upload
upload download
accept refuse
refuse accept
honor dishonor
dishonor honor
sell buy
retail wholesale
wholesale retail
log_in log_out
log_out log_in
overpay underpay
underpay overpay
pay_up default
default pay_up
bounce clear
allow deny
credit debit
debit credit
overspend underspend
underspend overspend
overspend underspend
underspend overspend
waste conserve
conserve waste
invest divest
claim forfeit
requisition derequisition
derequisition requisition
profit break_even
profit lose
break_even lose
break_even profit
find lose
lose find
lose keep
lose win
win lose
lose break_even
lose profit
clear bounce
overbid underbid
underbid overbid
outbid underbid
underbid outbid
forfeit claim
deposit withdraw
withdraw deposit
divest invest
disinherit bequeath
charge pay_cash
pay_cash charge
impoverish enrich
enrich impoverish
overcharge undercharge
undercharge overcharge
mark_up mark_down
mark_down mark_up
overstock understock
understock overstock
borrow lend
lend borrow
muzzle unmuzzle
unmuzzle muzzle
import export
export import
kern kern
kern kern
unbridle bridle
act refrain
leave_office take_office
take_office leave_office
divest invest
invest divest
enthrone dethrone
dethrone enthrone
promote demote
demote promote
fire hire
succeed precede
precede succeed
hire fire
work idle
idle work
free confine
let prevent
open close
close open
open close
close open
establish abolish
abolish establish
organize disorganize
organise disorganise
disorganize organize
disorganise organise
certify decertify
decertify certify
exclude admit
admit exclude
prevent let
respect disrespect
disrespect respect
boycott patronise
boycott patronize
patronize boycott
patronise boycott
divide unite
unite divide
disenfranchise enfranchise
enfranchise disenfranchise
invalidate validate
validate invalidate
issue recall
recall issue
outlaw legalize
criminalize decriminalize
criminalise decriminalise
legalize outlaw
legalise outlaw
decriminalize criminalize
decriminalise criminalise
desegregate segregate
segregate desegregate
confine free
expatriate repatriate
repatriate expatriate
admit reject
reject admit
classify declassify
declassify classify
restrict derestrict
derestrict restrict
regulate deregulate
deregulate regulate
advantage disadvantage
disadvantage advantage
wrong right
misbehave behave
behave misbehave
right wrong
manage fail
fail pass
fail pass
pass fail
succeed fail
pass fail
fail succeed
obey disobey
disobey obey
honor dishonor
dishonor honor
break make
enforce exempt
exempt enforce
purge rehabilitate
rehabilitate purge
break keep
keep break
prosecute defend
defend prosecute
colonize decolonize
colonise decolonise
decolonize colonize
decolonise colonise
fail manage
begin end
end begin
attend miss
miss attend
survive succumb
succumb survive
necessitate obviate
obviate necessitate
have lack
miss have
include exclude
exclude include
agree disagree
deviate conform
conform deviate
equal differ
differ equal
come_in go_out
go_out come_in
violate conform_to
conform_to violate
fall_short_of satisfy
satisfy fall_short_of
balance unbalance
unbalance balance
continue discontinue
discontinue continue
discontinue continue
continue discontinue
front back
back front
stand yield
yield stand
lend_oneself defy
defy lend_oneself
diverge converge
converge diverge
converge diverge
predate postdate
postdate predate
disagree agree
refrain act
converge diverge
diverge converge
diverge converge
ignite extinguish
extinguish ignite
absorb emit
emit absorb
overcast clear_up
clear_up overcast
natural_object artifact
artifact natural_object
overachievement underachievement
underachievement overachievement
appearance disappearance
disappearance appearance
retreat advance
disembarkation embarkation
embarkation disembarkation
passing failing
failing passing
call_option put_option
put_option call_option
best worst
worst best
fair_ball foul_ball
foul_ball fair_ball
loosening tightening
tightening loosening
monetization demonetization
demonetization monetization
split_ticket straight_ticket
straight_ticket split_ticket
earned_run unearned_run
unearned_run earned_run
promotion demotion
demotion promotion
finish start
stillbirth live_birth
deactivation activation
start finish
activation deactivation
contamination decontamination
advance retreat
rising_trot sitting_trot
sitting_trot rising_trot
domestic_flight international_flight
international_flight domestic_flight
acceleration deceleration
deceleration acceleration
opening closing
pronation supination
closing opening
supination pronation
decrease increase
minimization maximization
compression decompression
decompression compression
subtraction addition
deflation inflation
weakening strengthening
dilution concentration
increase decrease
addition subtraction
appreciation depreciation
depreciation appreciation
contraction expansion
expansion contraction
maximization minimization
inflation deflation
extension flexion
strengthening weakening
concentration dilution
union disunion
tribalization detribalization
tribalisation detribalisation
detribalization tribalization
detribalisation tribalisation
disunion union
decontamination contamination
flexion extension
widening narrowing
narrowing widening
activity inactivity
day_game night_game
night_game day_game
away_game home_game
home_game away_game
hardball softball
softball hardball
ground_stroke volley
volley ground_stroke
compression decompression
decompression compression
major_surgery minor_surgery
minor_surgery major_surgery
allopathy homeopathy
homeopathy allopathy
loading unloading
unloading loading
actual_sin original_sin
original_sin actual_sin
mortal_sin venial_sin
venial_sin mortal_sin
grand_larceny petit_larceny
petit_larceny grand_larceny
hyperpnea hypopnea
hypopnea hyperpnea
assortative_mating disassortative_mating
disassortative_mating assortative_mating
disapproval approval
assembly disassembly
disassembly assembly
disassembly assembly
continuance discontinuance
continuation discontinuation
discontinuance continuance
discontinuation continuation
inactivity activity
nonproliferation proliferation
non-proliferation proliferation
downtick uptick
uptick downtick
retail wholesale
wholesale retail
payment nonpayment
nonpayment payment
criminalization decriminalization
criminalisation decriminalisation
decriminalization criminalization
decriminalisation criminalisation
enfranchisement disenfranchisement
disenfranchisement enfranchisement
classification declassification
declassification classification
nationalization denationalization
denationalization nationalization
mobilization demobilization
arming disarming
armament disarmament
disarming arming
disarmament armament
demobilization mobilization
stabilization destabilization
stabilisation destabilisation
destabilization stabilization
destabilisation stabilisation
obedience disobedience
competition cooperation
disobedience obedience
noncompliance compliance
reversal affirmation
affirmation reversal
conviction acquittal
judgment_in_personam judgment_in_rem
judgment_in_rem judgment_in_personam
general_verdict special_verdict
special_verdict general_verdict
acquittal conviction
prosecution defense
defense prosecution
segregation integration
integration segregation
cooperation competition
conformity nonconformity
compliance noncompliance
observance nonobservance
nonobservance observance
nonconformity conformity
service disservice
disservice service
approval disapproval
assembly disassembly
attendance nonattendance
presence absence
nonattendance attendance
absence presence
centralization decentralization
decentralization centralization
engagement non-engagement
participation nonparticipation
involvement non-involvement
non-engagement engagement
nonparticipation participation
non-involvement involvement
female male
male female
parasite host
host parasite
eukaryote prokaryote
prokaryote eukaryote
soft-finned_fish spiny-finned_fish
ratite carinate
carinate ratite
anapsid diapsid
diapsid anapsid
diving_duck dabbling_duck
dabbling_duck diving_duck
zygodactyl_foot heterodactyl_foot
heterodactyl_foot zygodactyl_foot
odd-toed_ungulate even-toed_ungulate
even-toed_ungulate odd-toed_ungulate
heterocercal_fin homocercal_fin
homocercal_fin heterocercal_fin
plantigrade_mammal digitigrade_mammal
digitigrade_mammal plantigrade_mammal
spiny-finned_fish soft-finned_fish
high_relief low_relief
anode cathode
anode cathode
antagonist synergist
infield outfield
low_relief high_relief
black white
blunt_file taper_file
brand-name_drug generic_drug
cathode anode
cathode anode
closed_circuit open_circuit
custom-made ready-made
dedicated_file_server non-dedicated_file_server
dry-bulb_thermometer wet-bulb_thermometer
dry_fly wet_fly
dumb_bomb smart_bomb
electrolytic_cell voltaic_cell
export import
express local
fast_lane slow_lane
fast_reactor thermal_reactor
front rear
generic_drug brand-name_drug
hand_mower power_mower
hard_drug soft_drug
hardware software
head tail
import export
in-basket out-basket
larboard starboard
local express
location studio
mobile stabile
non-dedicated_file_server dedicated_file_server
non-volatile_storage volatile_storage
nonvolatile_storage volatile_storage
obverse reverse
open_circuit closed_circuit
out-basket in-basket
outfield infield
overgarment undergarment
over-the-counter_drug prescription_drug
over-the-counter_medicine prescription_medicine
power_mower hand_mower
prescription_drug over-the-counter_drug
prescription_medicine over-the-counter_medicine
ready-made custom-made
rear front
reverse obverse
rotor stator
slow_lane fast_lane
smart_bomb dumb_bomb
soft_drug hard_drug
stabile mobile
starboard larboard
stator rotor
studio location
submersible surface_ship
surface_ship submersible
synergist antagonist
tail head
taper_file blunt_file
thermal_reactor fast_reactor
undergarment overgarment
volatile_storage non-volatile_storage
volatile_storage nonvolatile_storage
voltaic_cell electrolytic_cell
wet-bulb_thermometer dry-bulb_thermometer
wet_fly dry_fly
white black
outwardness inwardness
inwardness outwardness
otherworldliness worldliness
worldliness otherworldliness
extraversion ambiversion
extraversion introversion
introversion ambiversion
introversion extraversion
ambiversion extraversion
ambiversion introversion
emotionality unemotionality
unemotionality emotionality
cheerfulness uncheerfulness
uncheerfulness cheerfulness
activeness inactiveness
inactiveness activeness
permissiveness unpermissiveness
unpermissiveness permissiveness
good_nature ill_nature
patience impatience
agreeableness disagreeableness
ill_nature good_nature
impatience patience
sharpness dullness
disagreeableness agreeableness
willingness unwillingness
unwillingness willingness
seriousness frivolity
frivolity seriousness
communicativeness uncommunicativeness
uncommunicativeness communicativeness
sociability unsociability
openness closeness
friendliness unfriendliness
approachability unapproachability
congeniality uncongeniality
neighborliness unneighborliness
hospitableness inhospitableness
unsociability sociability
unapproachability approachability
closeness openness
unfriendliness friendliness
uncongeniality congeniality
unneighborliness neighborliness
inhospitableness hospitableness
adaptability unadaptability
flexibility inflexibility
unadaptability adaptability
inflexibility flexibility
thoughtfulness unthoughtfulness
unthoughtfulness thoughtfulness
attentiveness inattentiveness
inattentiveness attentiveness
carefulness carelessness
mindfulness unmindfulness
heedfulness heedlessness
caution incaution
wariness unwariness
carelessness carefulness
incaution caution
unwariness wariness
unmindfulness mindfulness
heedlessness heedfulness
masculinity femininity
femininity masculinity
trustworthiness untrustworthiness
trustiness untrustiness
responsibility irresponsibility
responsibleness irresponsibleness
dependability undependability
dependableness undependableness
reliability unreliability
reliableness unreliableness
untrustworthiness trustworthiness
untrustiness trustiness
irresponsibility responsibility
irresponsibleness responsibleness
undependability dependability
undependableness dependableness
unreliability reliability
unreliableness reliableness
conscientiousness unconscientiousness
unconscientiousness conscientiousness
hairiness hairlessness
hairlessness hairiness
beauty ugliness
pleasingness unpleasingness
attractiveness unattractiveness
ugliness beauty
unpleasingness pleasingness
unattractiveness attractiveness
clarity opacity
distinctness indistinctness
sharpness softness
opacity clarity
indistinctness distinctness
softness sharpness
sharpness dullness
acuteness obtuseness
dullness sharpness
dullness sharpness
obtuseness acuteness
conspicuousness inconspicuousness
obtrusiveness unobtrusiveness
inconspicuousness conspicuousness
unobtrusiveness obtrusiveness
ease difficulty
effortlessness effortfulness
difficulty ease
effortfulness effortlessness
compatibility incompatibility
congruity incongruity
congruousness incongruousness
incompatibility compatibility
incongruity congruity
incongruousness congruousness
suitability unsuitability
suitableness unsuitableness
appropriateness inappropriateness
felicity infelicity
aptness inaptness
appositeness inappositeness
fitness unfitness
eligibility ineligibility
insurability uninsurability
ineligibility eligibility
uninsurability insurability
convenience inconvenience
opportuneness inopportuneness
accessibility inaccessibility
availability unavailability
unsuitability suitability
unsuitableness suitableness
inaptness aptness
inappositeness appositeness
inappropriateness appropriateness
infelicity felicity
unfitness fitness
inconvenience convenience
inaccessibility accessibility
unavailability availability
inopportuneness opportuneness
superiority inferiority
high_quality low_quality
inferiority superiority
low_quality high_quality
changeableness changelessness
reversibility irreversibility
inconstancy constancy
variability invariability
variableness invariableness
variedness unvariedness
exchangeability unexchangeability
convertibility inconvertibility
inconvertibility convertibility
changelessness changeableness
constancy inconstancy
irreversibility reversibility
invariability variability
invariableness variableness
unvariedness variedness
unexchangeability exchangeability
mutability immutability
mutableness immutableness
alterability unalterability
immutability mutability
immutableness mutableness
unalterability alterability
sameness difference
similarity dissimilarity
likeness unlikeness
similitude dissimilitude
uniformity nonuniformity
homogeneity heterogeneity
consistency inconsistency
equality inequality
equivalence nonequivalence
evenness unevenness
difference sameness
dissimilarity similarity
unlikeness likeness
dissimilitude similitude
nonuniformity uniformity
heterogeneity homogeneity
inconsistency consistency
inequality equality
nonequivalence equivalence
unevenness evenness
certainty uncertainty
conclusiveness inconclusiveness
predictability unpredictability
probability improbability
likelihood unlikelihood
likeliness unlikeliness
uncertainty certainty
inconclusiveness conclusiveness
unpredictability predictability
improbability probability
unlikelihood likelihood
unlikeliness likeliness
factuality counterfactuality
counterfactuality factuality
concreteness abstractness
tangibility intangibility
palpability impalpability
intangibility tangibility
impalpability palpability
materiality immateriality
corporeality incorporeality
substantiality insubstantiality
immateriality materiality
incorporeality corporeality
insubstantiality substantiality
abstractness concreteness
reality unreality
unreality reality
particularity generality
individuality commonality
generality particularity
commonality individuality
simplicity complexity
complexity simplicity
regularity irregularity
evenness unevenness
invariability variability
steadiness unsteadiness
irregularity regularity
unevenness evenness
variability invariability
unsteadiness steadiness
mobility immobility
motility immotility
movability immovability
movableness immovableness
looseness tightness
unsteadiness steadiness
instability stability
unstableness stableness
immobility mobility
immotility motility
immovability movability
immovableness movableness
tightness looseness
fixedness looseness
looseness fixedness
steadiness unsteadiness
stability instability
stableness unstableness
pleasantness unpleasantness
agreeableness disagreeableness
niceness nastiness
unpleasantness pleasantness
disagreeableness agreeableness
nastiness niceness
credibility incredibility
plausibility implausibility
incredibility credibility
implausibility plausibility
logicality illogicality
logicalness illogicalness
illogicality logicality
illogicalness logicalness
naturalness unnaturalness
unaffectedness affectedness
unpretentiousness pretentiousness
unnaturalness naturalness
affectedness unaffectedness
pretentiousness unpretentiousness
wholesomeness unwholesomeness
healthfulness unhealthfulness
salubrity insalubrity
salubriousness insalubriousness
unwholesomeness wholesomeness
unhealthfulness healthfulness
insalubrity salubrity
insalubriousness salubriousness
satisfactoriness unsatisfactoriness
adequacy inadequacy
acceptability unacceptability
admissibility inadmissibility
permissibility impermissibility
unsatisfactoriness satisfactoriness
inadequacy adequacy
unacceptability acceptability
inadmissibility admissibility
impermissibility permissibility
ordinariness extraordinariness
expectedness unexpectedness
commonness uncommonness
usualness unusualness
familiarity unfamiliarity
extraordinariness ordinariness
unexpectedness expectedness
uncommonness commonness
unusualness usualness
unfamiliarity familiarity
foreignness nativeness
nativeness foreignness
originality unoriginality
unorthodoxy orthodoxy
unconventionality conventionality
unoriginality originality
orthodoxy unorthodoxy
conventionality unconventionality
correctness incorrectness
rightness wrongness
incorrectness correctness
wrongness rightness
accuracy inaccuracy
exactness inexactness
preciseness impreciseness
precision imprecision
inaccuracy accuracy
inexactness exactness
impreciseness preciseness
imprecision precision
infallibility fallibility
inerrancy errancy
errancy inerrancy
fallibility infallibility
worthiness unworthiness
unworthiness worthiness
popularity unpopularity
unpopularity popularity
legality illegality
lawfulness unlawfulness
legitimacy illegitimacy
licitness illicitness
illegality legality
unlawfulness lawfulness
illegitimacy legitimacy
illicitness licitness
elegance inelegance
tastefulness tastelessness
inelegance elegance
rusticity urbanity
urbanity rusticity
tastelessness tastefulness
comprehensibility incomprehensibility
legibility illegibility
intelligibility unintelligibility
clarity obscurity
clearness unclearness
monosemy polysemy
unambiguity ambiguity
unequivocalness equivocalness
explicitness inexplicitness
incomprehensibility comprehensibility
illegibility legibility
obscurity clarity
unintelligibility intelligibility
unclearness clearness
inexplicitness explicitness
ambiguity unambiguity
equivocalness unequivocalness
polysemy monosemy
righteousness unrighteousness
piety impiety
godliness ungodliness
unrighteousness righteousness
impiety piety
ungodliness godliness
humaneness inhumaneness
mercifulness mercilessness
inhumaneness humaneness
mercilessness mercifulness
generosity stinginess
liberality illiberality
unselfishness selfishness
altruism egoism
stinginess generosity
illiberality liberality
selfishness unselfishness
egoism altruism
fairness unfairness
equity inequity
unfairness fairness
inequity equity
kindness unkindness
beneficence maleficence
benignity malignity
benignancy malignancy
consideration inconsideration
thoughtfulness thoughtlessness
tactfulness tactlessness
malignity benignity
malignancy benignancy
sensitivity insensitivity
sensitiveness insensitiveness
perceptiveness unperceptiveness
insensitivity sensitivity
insensitiveness sensitiveness
unperceptiveness perceptiveness
unkindness kindness
inconsideration consideration
thoughtlessness thoughtfulness
tactlessness tactfulness
maleficence beneficence
morality immorality
rightness wrongness
conscientiousness unconscientiousness
unconscientiousness conscientiousness
good evil
goodness evilness
justice injustice
right wrong
rightfulness wrongfulness
immorality morality
corruptibility incorruptibility
wrongness rightness
evil good
evilness goodness
corruptness incorruptness
injustice justice
wrong right
wrongfulness rightfulness
holiness unholiness
unholiness holiness
safeness dangerousness
dangerousness safeness
curability incurability
curableness incurableness
incurability curability
incurableness curableness
courage cowardice
stoutheartedness faintheartedness
fearlessness fearfulness
boldness timidity
gutsiness gutlessness
cowardice courage
faintheartedness stoutheartedness
fearfulness fearlessness
timidity boldness
gutlessness gutsiness
resoluteness irresoluteness
decisiveness indecisiveness
decision indecision
irresoluteness resoluteness
indecisiveness decisiveness
indecision decision
sincerity insincerity
insincerity sincerity
honorableness dishonorableness
honor dishonor
scrupulousness unscrupulousness
incorruptness corruptness
incorruptibility corruptibility
respectability unrespectability
reputability disreputability
honesty dishonesty
truthfulness untruthfulness
veracity mendacity
ingenuousness disingenuousness
artlessness artfulness
dishonorableness honorableness
dishonor honor
unscrupulousness scrupulousness
unrespectability respectability
disreputability reputability
dishonesty honesty
untruthfulness truthfulness
mendacity veracity
disingenuousness ingenuousness
artfulness artlessness
fidelity infidelity
faithfulness unfaithfulness
loyalty disloyalty
infidelity fidelity
unfaithfulness faithfulness
disloyalty loyalty
sophistication naivete
naivete sophistication
discipline indiscipline
restraint unrestraint
temperance intemperance
indiscipline discipline
unrestraint restraint
intemperance temperance
conceit humility
humility conceit
wisdom folly
folly wisdom
prudence imprudence
providence improvidence
imprudence prudence
improvidence providence
trust distrust
distrust trust
cleanliness uncleanliness
tidiness untidiness
uncleanliness cleanliness
untidiness tidiness
propriety impropriety
properness improperness
decorum indecorum
decorousness indecorousness
appropriateness inappropriateness
correctness incorrectness
political_correctness political_incorrectness
seemliness unseemliness
becomingness unbecomingness
decency indecency
modesty immodesty
impropriety propriety
improperness properness
incorrectness correctness
political_incorrectness political_correctness
inappropriateness appropriateness
indecorum decorum
indecorousness decorousness
unseemliness seemliness
unbecomingness becomingness
indecency decency
immodesty modesty
composure discomposure
discomposure composure
tractability intractability
tameness wildness
obedience disobedience
subordination insubordination
intractability tractability
wildness tameness
insubordination subordination
disobedience obedience
formality informality
ceremoniousness unceremoniousness
informality formality
unceremoniousness ceremoniousness
courtesy discourtesy
politeness impoliteness
graciousness ungraciousness
civility incivility
discourtesy courtesy
impoliteness politeness
ungraciousness graciousness
incivility civility
isotropy anisotropy
anisotropy isotropy
directness indirectness
immediacy mediacy
indirectness directness
mediacy immediacy
oldness newness
newness oldness
freshness staleness
oldness youngness
staleness freshness
youngness oldness
complex_instruction_set_computing reduced_instruction_set_computing
complex_instruction_set_computer reduced_instruction_set_computer
CISC RISC
reduced_instruction_set_computing complex_instruction_set_computing
reduced_instruction_set_computer complex_instruction_set_computer
RISC CISC
thickness thinness
thinness thickness
hardness softness
softness hardness
compressibility incompressibility
incompressibility compressibility
breakableness unbreakableness
unbreakableness breakableness
porosity solidity
permeability impermeability
penetrability impenetrability
perviousness imperviousness
absorbency nonabsorbency
solidity porosity
impermeability permeability
impenetrability penetrability
imperviousness perviousness
nonabsorbency absorbency
smoothness roughness
roughness smoothness
brightness dullness
dullness brightness
color colorlessness
colorlessness color
chromatic_color achromatic_color
achromatic_color chromatic_color
black white
white black
pigmentation depigmentation
depigmentation pigmentation
lightness darkness
darkness lightness
sound silence
silence sound
harmony dissonance
dissonance harmony
high_pitch low_pitch
low_pitch high_pitch
loudness softness
softness loudness
palatability unpalatability
appetizingness unappetizingness
unpalatability palatability
unappetizingness appetizingness
digestibility indigestibility
indigestibility digestibility
fatness leanness
leanness fatness
tallness shortness
shortness tallness
gracefulness awkwardness
awkwardness gracefulness
animateness inanimateness
sentience insentience
inanimateness animateness
insentience sentience
maleness femaleness
femaleness maleness
coldness hotness
hotness coldness
perceptibility imperceptibility
visibility invisibility
invisibility visibility
audibility inaudibility
inaudibility audibility
imperceptibility perceptibility
elasticity inelasticity
malleability unmalleability
flexibility inflexibility
inelasticity elasticity
unmalleability malleability
inflexibility flexibility
heaviness lightness
lightness heaviness
strength weakness
good_part weak_part
soundness unsoundness
invulnerability vulnerability
acidity alkalinity
alkalinity acidity
weakness strength
weak_part good_part
vulnerability invulnerability
destructibility indestructibility
indestructibility destructibility
earliness lateness
lateness earliness
priority posteriority
posteriority priority
punctuality tardiness
tardiness punctuality
seasonableness unseasonableness
timeliness untimeliness
unseasonableness seasonableness
untimeliness timeliness
pastness futurity
pastness presentness
futurity pastness
futurity presentness
presentness futurity
presentness pastness
longness shortness
shortness longness
permanence impermanence
impermanence permanence
mortality immortality
immortality mortality
acceleration deceleration
deceleration acceleration
symmetry asymmetry
radial_symmetry radial_asymmetry
asymmetry symmetry
radial_asymmetry radial_symmetry
abruptness gradualness
gradualness abruptness
angularity roundness
pointedness unpointedness
unpointedness pointedness
roundness angularity
concentricity eccentricity
eccentricity concentricity
straightness crookedness
crookedness straightness
curliness straightness
straightness curliness
centrality marginality
marginality centrality
anteriority posteriority
posteriority anteriority
outwardness inwardness
inwardness outwardness
northernness southernness
southernness northernness
farness nearness
nearness farness
distribution concentration
concentration distribution
profundity superficiality
superficiality profundity
high low
low high
thickness thinness
thinness thickness
largeness smallness
bigness littleness
smallness largeness
littleness bigness
positivity negativity
positiveness negativeness
negativity positivity
negativeness positiveness
increase decrease
decrease increase
sufficiency insufficiency
adequacy inadequacy
insufficiency sufficiency
inadequacy adequacy
abundance scarcity
scarcity abundance
moderation immoderation
immoderation moderation
majority minority
minority majority
longness shortness
shortness longness
deepness shallowness
shallowness deepness
wideness narrowness
narrowness wideness
highness lowness
lowness highness
worth worthlessness
merit demerit
demerit merit
worthlessness worth
desirability undesirability
undesirability desirability
good bad
goodness badness
reward penalty
bad good
badness goodness
expensiveness inexpensiveness
inexpensiveness expensiveness
fruitfulness fruitlessness
productiveness unproductiveness
fruitlessness fruitfulness
unproductiveness productiveness
utility inutility
usefulness uselessness
inutility utility
uselessness usefulness
practicality impracticality
practicability impracticability
practicableness impracticableness
feasibility infeasibility
impracticality practicality
impracticability practicability
impracticableness practicableness
infeasibility feasibility
competence incompetence
incompetence competence
asset liability
advantage disadvantage
profitableness unprofitableness
profitability unprofitability
expedience inexpedience
expediency inexpediency
strong_point weak_point
weak_point strong_point
soundness unsoundness
unsoundness soundness
unsoundness soundness
advisability inadvisability
favorableness unfavorableness
auspiciousness inauspiciousness
propitiousness unpropitiousness
liability asset
disadvantage advantage
unfavorableness favorableness
inauspiciousness auspiciousness
unpropitiousness propitiousness
penalty reward
inadvisability advisability
inexpedience expedience
inexpediency expediency
unprofitableness profitableness
unprofitability profitability
constructiveness destructiveness
destructiveness constructiveness
positivity negativity
positiveness negativeness
negativity positivity
negativeness positiveness
importance unimportance
significance insignificance
meaningfulness meaninglessness
purposefulness purposelessness
consequence inconsequence
essentiality inessentiality
indispensability dispensability
indispensableness dispensableness
unimportance importance
inessentiality essentiality
dispensability indispensability
dispensableness indispensableness
insignificance significance
meaninglessness meaningfulness
purposelessness purposefulness
inconsequence consequence
power powerlessness
powerfulness powerlessness
persuasiveness unpersuasiveness
interestingness uninterestingness
effectiveness ineffectiveness
efficacy inefficacy
ability inability
capability incapability
capableness incapableness
capacity incapacity
powerlessness power
powerlessness powerfulness
unpersuasiveness persuasiveness
uninterestingness interestingness
inability ability
incapability capability
incapableness capableness
incapacity capacity
ineffectiveness effectiveness
inefficacy efficacy
infiniteness finiteness
finiteness infiniteness
solubility insolubility
insolubility solubility
optimism pessimism
pessimism optimism
responsiveness unresponsiveness
unresponsiveness responsiveness
solvability unsolvability
solubility insolubility
unsolvability solvability
insolubility solubility
extensor flexor
flexor extensor
effector receptor
receptor effector
cortex medulla
medulla cortex
judiciousness injudiciousness
injudiciousness judiciousness
ability inability
intelligence stupidity
aptitude inaptitude
capacity incapacity
capability incapability
perfectibility imperfectibility
creativeness uncreativeness
Heaven Hell
Hell Heaven
unconventionality conventionality
literacy illiteracy
skillfulness unskillfulness
coordination incoordination
incoordination coordination
fluency disfluency
disfluency fluency
efficiency inefficiency
inability ability
stupidity intelligence
inaptitude aptitude
incapability capability
imperfectibility perfectibility
incapacity capacity
unskillfulness skillfulness
inefficiency efficiency
illiteracy literacy
uncreativeness creativeness
conventionality unconventionality
kinesthesia kinanesthesia
kinanesthesia kinesthesia
merit_system spoils_system
spoils_system merit_system
consciousness unconsciousness
cognizance incognizance
incognizance cognizance
self-consciousness unselfconsciousness
unselfconsciousness self-consciousness
sensibility insensibility
waking sleeping
unconsciousness consciousness
insensibility sensibility
sleeping waking
certainty uncertainty
uncertainty certainty
attention inattention
attentiveness inattentiveness
inattention attention
inattentiveness attentiveness
experience inexperience
analysis synthesis
synthesis analysis
inwardness outwardness
outwardness inwardness
convergent_thinking divergent_thinking
divergent_thinking convergent_thinking
comprehension incomprehension
incomprehension comprehension
particular general
specific general
general particular
general specific
conception misconception
type antitype
antitype type
convergence divergence
convergency divergency
divergence convergence
divergency convergency
beginning end
beginning middle
middle beginning
middle end
end beginning
end middle
pleasure_principle reality_principle
reality_principle pleasure_principle
misconception conception
yang yin
yin yang
figure ground
ground figure
belief unbelief
apophatism cataphatism
apophatism doctrine_of_analogy
cataphatism apophatism
cataphatism doctrine_of_analogy
doctrine_of_analogy apophatism
doctrine_of_analogy cataphatism
formalism imitation
imitation formalism
internationalism nationalism
internationalism nationalism
monism pluralism
multiculturalism nationalism
nationalism internationalism
nationalism multiculturalism
nationalism internationalism
pluralism monism
environmentalism hereditarianism
hereditarianism environmentalism
unbelief belief
enlightenment unenlightenment
inexperience experience
unenlightenment enlightenment
closed_interval open_interval
open_interval closed_interval
eugenics dysgenics
dysgenics eugenics
atomism holism
holism atomism
wave_theory corpuscular_theory
wave_theory_of_light corpuscular_theory_of_light
corpuscular_theory wave_theory
corpuscular_theory_of_light wave_theory_of_light
classicism Romanticism
Romanticism classicism
descriptive_linguistics prescriptive_linguistics
prescriptive_linguistics descriptive_linguistics
Arianism Athanasianism
Athanasianism Arianism
partiality impartiality
unfairness fairness
impartiality partiality
fairness unfairness
tolerance intolerance
broad-mindedness narrow-mindedness
intolerance tolerance
narrow-mindedness broad-mindedness
respect disrespect
disrespect respect
reverence irreverence
irreverence reverence
orthodoxy unorthodoxy
conformity nonconformity
conformism nonconformism
unorthodoxy orthodoxy
nonconformity conformity
nonconformism conformism
dovishness hawkishness
hawkishness dovishness
atheism theism
theism atheism
monotheism polytheism
polytheism monotheism
recto verso
verso recto
snail_mail e-mail
snail_mail electronic_mail
snail_mail email
electronic_mail snail_mail
e-mail snail_mail
email snail_mail
antonym synonym
plural singular
singular plural
synonym antonym
nominative oblique
oblique nominative
construction misconstruction
misconstruction construction
proper_noun common_noun
common_noun proper_noun
flashback flash-forward
flash-forward flashback
trade_edition text_edition
text_edition trade_edition
software hardware
object_program source_program
source_program object_program
euphemism dysphemism
dysphemism euphemism
air_mail surface_mail
surface_mail air_mail
hospitality inhospitality
inhospitality hospitality
pro con
con pro
intervention nonintervention
interference noninterference
nonintervention intervention
noninterference interference
approval disapproval
approbation disapprobation
encouragement discouragement
disapproval approval
disapprobation approbation
truth falsehood
direct_evidence circumstantial_evidence
circumstantial_evidence direct_evidence
particular universal
particular_proposition universal_proposition
universal particular
universal_proposition particular_proposition
categorem syncategorem
categoreme syncategoreme
syncategorem categorem
syncategoreme categoreme
falsehood truth
overstatement understatement
understatement overstatement
indication contraindication
contraindication indication
Arabic_numeral Roman_numeral
Roman_numeral Arabic_numeral
superscript subscript
subscript superscript
uppercase lowercase
lowercase uppercase
fixed-width_font proportional_font
proportional_font fixed-width_font
modern old_style
old_style modern
tonality atonality
atonality tonality
artificial_language natural_language
multidimensional_language one-dimensional_language
one-dimensional_language multidimensional_language
stratified_language unstratified_language
unstratified_language stratified_language
natural_language artificial_language
comedy tragedy
tragedy comedy
monophony polyphony
monophonic_music polyphonic_music
polyphony monophony
polyphonic_music monophonic_music
preparation resolution
resolution preparation
augmentation diminution
diminution augmentation
terseness verboseness
verboseness terseness
vowel consonant
consonant vowel
stop_consonant continuant_consonant
continuant_consonant stop_consonant
indirect_discourse direct_discourse
direct_discourse indirect_discourse
agreement disagreement
disagreement agreement
question answer
answer question
affirmative negative
yes no
yea nay
negative affirmative
no yes
nay yea
persuasion dissuasion
dissuasion persuasion
discouragement encouragement
beginning ending
ending beginning
embarrassment disembarrassment
disembarrassment embarrassment
failure success
success failure
birth death
live_birth stillbirth
appearance disappearance
egress ingress
emersion immersion
ingress egress
immersion emersion
rise fall
disappearance appearance
death birth
decrease increase
increase decrease
gravitation levitation
levitation gravitation
fall rise
high_tide low_tide
low_tide high_tide
ebbtide flood_tide
flood_tide ebbtide
neap_tide springtide
springtide neap_tide
waxing waning
waning waxing
strengthening weakening
weakening strengthening
fall rise
cross-fertilization self-fertilization
allogamy autogamy
self-fertilization cross-fertilization
autogamy allogamy
cross-pollination self-pollination
self-pollination cross-pollination
dextrorotation levorotation
levorotation dextrorotation
rise fall
victory defeat
defeat victory
aphrodisia anaphrodisia
anaphrodisia aphrodisia
pleasure pain
pleasantness unpleasantness
pain pleasure
unpleasantness pleasantness
liking dislike
inclination disinclination
friendliness unfriendliness
approval disapproval
Anglophilia Anglophobia
philogyny misogyny
dislike liking
disinclination inclination
Anglophobia Anglophilia
unfriendliness friendliness
disapproval approval
gratitude ingratitude
ingratitude gratitude
concern unconcern
unconcern concern
pride humility
humility pride
levity gravity
gravity levity
agitation calmness
calmness agitation
fear fearlessness
diffidence confidence
fearlessness fear
confidence diffidence
happiness sadness
joy sorrow
euphoria dysphoria
cheerfulness cheerlessness
contentment discontentment
satisfaction dissatisfaction
sadness happiness
sorrow joy
cheerlessness cheerfulness
discontentment contentment
dysphoria euphoria
dissatisfaction satisfaction
hope despair
hopefulness hopelessness
optimism pessimism
despair hope
hopelessness hopefulness
pessimism optimism
love hate
benevolence malevolence
beneficence maleficence
hate love
misogyny philogyny
malevolence benevolence
maleficence beneficence
good_humor ill_humor
ill_humor good_humor
eating_apple cooking_apple
cooking_apple eating_apple
skim_milk whole_milk
whole_milk skim_milk
generic varietal
generic_wine varietal_wine
varietal generic
varietal_wine generic_wine
aged young
young aged
brave timid
timid brave
dead living
living dead
initiate uninitiate
uninitiate initiate
fauna flora
defense prosecution
prosecution defense
offense defense
offence defence
defense offense
defence offence
clergy laity
laity clergy
poor_people rich_people
poor rich
rich_people poor_people
rich poor
nonsingular_matrix singular_matrix
singular_matrix nonsingular_matrix
alignment nonalignment
nonalignment alignment
capitalism socialism
market_economy non-market_economy
non-market_economy market_economy
socialism capitalism
friendly hostile
hostile friendly
day_school boarding_school
boarding_school day_school
day_school night_school
night_school day_school
flora fauna
civil_law international_law
international_law civil_law
head rear
rear head
here there
there here
apex antapex
antapex apex
apogee perigee
apoapsis periapsis
point_of_apoapsis point_of_periapsis
aphelion perihelion
apojove perijove
aposelene periselene
apolune perilune
ascending_node descending_node
node antinode
antinode node
foot head
descending_node ascending_node
front rear
inside outside
inside outside
leeward windward
maximum minimum
minimum maximum
nadir zenith
windward leeward
outside inside
outside inside
periapsis apoapsis
point_of_periapsis point_of_apoapsis
perigee apogee
perihelion aphelion
perijove apojove
periselene aposelene
perilune apolune
right left
left right
back front
front back
rear front
rural_area urban_area
head foot
urban_area rural_area
zenith nadir
slave_state free_state
free_state slave_state
incentive disincentive
disincentive incentive
abience adience
adience abience
ascent descent
closed_chain open_chain
descent ascent
distributary tributary
tributary distributary
highland lowland
high_sea territorial_waters
international_waters territorial_waters
inessential essential
lowland highland
natural_depression natural_elevation
natural_elevation natural_depression
essential inessential
open_chain closed_chain
territorial_waters high_sea
territorial_waters international_waters
cacodemon eudemon
eudemon cacodemon
adult juvenile
captor liberator
female male
juvenile adult
leader follower
male female
nonreligious_person religious_person
nonworker worker
religious_person nonreligious_person
worker nonworker
nondrinker drinker
defendant plaintiff
achiever loser
acquaintance stranger
acquaintance stranger
antagonist agonist
agonist antagonist
friend foe
amateur professional
ancestor descendant
aunt uncle
bad_egg good_egg
bad_guy good_guy
bad_person good_person
bear bull
borrower lender
brother sister
bull bear
child parent
citizen noncitizen
civilian serviceman
classicist romanticist
clergyman layman
conservative liberal
conformist nonconformist
nonconformist conformist
Nonconformist Anglican
Anglican Nonconformist
creditor debtor
daughter son
girl boy
debtor creditor
descendant ancestor
dove hawk
draftee volunteer
drinker nondrinker
driver nondriver
egalitarian elitist
elitist egalitarian
emotional_person unemotional_person
employee employer
employer employee
expert_witness lay_witness
extrovert introvert
father mother
male_parent female_parent
fat_person thin_person
female_aristocrat male_aristocrat
female_offspring male_offspring
female_sibling male_sibling
female_child male_child
girl boy
foe friend
follower leader
noncitizen citizen
good_egg bad_egg
good_guy bad_guy
good_person bad_person
granter withholder
hawk dove
heir_apparent heir_presumptive
heir_presumptive heir_apparent
husband wife
inferior superior
inpatient outpatient
introvert extrovert
king queen
male_monarch female_monarch
Lady Lord
noblewoman nobleman
layman clergyman
lay_witness expert_witness
lender borrower
liar square_shooter
liberal conservative
liberator captor
libertarian necessitarian
liveborn_infant stillborn_infant
Lord Lady
nobleman noblewoman
loser winner
loser winner
loser achiever
lumper splitter
male_aristocrat female_aristocrat
male_child female_child
boy girl
male_offspring female_offspring
male_sibling female_sibling
man woman
man woman
masochist sadist
member nonmember
nonmember member
mother father
female_parent male_parent
necessitarian libertarian
nephew niece
niece nephew
nondriver driver
nonpartisan partisan
nonresident resident
nonsmoker smoker
optimist pessimist
outpatient inpatient
parent child
partisan nonpartisan
pessimist optimist
plaintiff defendant
professional amateur
queen king
female_monarch male_monarch
eremite cenobite
cenobite eremite
generalist specialist
resident nonresident
romanticist classicist
sadist masochist
serviceman civilian
sister brother
sitter stander
smoker nonsmoker
son daughter
boy girl
special_agent general_agent
specialist generalist
splitter lumper
square_shooter liar
stander sitter
stillborn_infant liveborn_infant
unemotional_person emotional_person
stranger acquaintance
stranger acquaintance
superior inferior
technophile technophobe
technophobe technophile
thin_person fat_person
uncle aunt
general_agent special_agent
volunteer draftee
wife husband
winner loser
winner loser
withholder granter
woman man
woman man
alternating_current direct_current
attraction repulsion
repulsion attraction
centrifugal_force centripetal_force
centripetal_force centrifugal_force
positive_charge negative_charge
negative_charge positive_charge
direct_current alternating_current
opacity transparency
transparency opacity
acrocarp pleurocarp
pleurocarp acrocarp
Phanerogamae Cryptogamia
Cryptogamia Phanerogamae
mushroom toadstool
toadstool mushroom
cultivated_plant weed
weed cultivated_plant
evergreen_plant deciduous_plant
deciduous_plant evergreen_plant
gain loss
income outgo
easy_money tight_money
tight_money easy_money
paper_profit paper_loss
paper_loss paper_profit
winnings losings
outgo income
payment nonpayment
nonpayment payment
loss gain
losings winnings
secured_bond unsecured_bond
unsecured_bond secured_bond
cash_account margin_account
margin_account cash_account
active_trust passive_trust
passive_trust active_trust
credit cash
cash credit
credit debit
debit credit
accrual_basis cash_basis
cash_basis accrual_basis
listed_security unlisted_security
unlisted_security listed_security
activation inactivation
anabolism catabolism
anamorphism katamorphism
anastalsis peristalsis
anovulation ovulation
asynchronous_operation synchronous_operation
catabolism anabolism
cenogenesis palingenesis
decrease increase
decrement increment
deflation disinflation
deflation inflation
devolution evolution
demand supply
evolution devolution
disinflation deflation
disinflation inflation
development nondevelopment
inactivation activation
increase decrease
increment decrement
inflation deflation
inflation disinflation
inflationary_spiral deflationary_spiral
deflationary_spiral inflationary_spiral
inflow outflow
influx efflux
irreversible_process reversible_process
katamorphism anamorphism
narrowing widening
nondevelopment development
outflow inflow
efflux influx
ovulation anovulation
palingenesis cenogenesis
parallel_operation serial_operation
peristalsis anastalsis
proliferation non-proliferation
proliferation nonproliferation
reversible_process irreversible_process
serial_operation parallel_operation
sink source
source sink
supply demand
synchronous_operation asynchronous_operation
widening narrowing
deficit lead
lead deficit
aliquot aliquant
aliquant aliquot
minimum maximum
maximum minimum
connectedness unconnectedness
unconnectedness connectedness
relevance irrelevance
materiality immateriality
applicability inapplicability
relatedness unrelatedness
irrelevance relevance
inapplicability applicability
immateriality materiality
unrelatedness relatedness
transitivity intransitivity
intransitivity transitivity
active_voice passive_voice
passive_voice active_voice
affinity consanguinity
consanguinity affinity
windward leeward
leeward windward
synchronism asynchronism
synchronization desynchronization
synchronizing desynchronizing
asynchronism synchronism
desynchronization synchronization
desynchronizing synchronizing
former latter
latter former
positivity negativity
positiveness negativeness
negativity positivity
negativeness positiveness
convex_polygon concave_polygon
concave_polygon convex_polygon
curve straight_line
straight_line curve
oblique_triangle right_triangle
right_triangle oblique_triangle
parallelogram trapezium
trapezium parallelogram
reentrant_angle salient_angle
salient_angle reentrant_angle
right_angle oblique_angle
oblique_angle right_angle
proportion disproportion
disproportion proportion
utopia dystopia
dystopia utopia
acceptance rejection
disequilibrium equilibrium
equilibrium disequilibrium
exclusion inclusion
inclusion exclusion
rejection acceptance
stigmatism astigmatism
astigmatism stigmatism
high_status low_status
back_burner front_burner
front_burner back_burner
low_status high_status
being nonbeing
existence nonexistence
genuineness spuriousness
reality unreality
truth falsity
presence absence
hereness thereness
thereness hereness
allopatry sympatry
sympatry allopatry
nonbeing being
nonexistence existence
unreality reality
falsity truth
spuriousness genuineness
absence presence
endogamy exogamy
exogamy endogamy
employment unemployment
unemployment employment
order disorder
stability instability
peace war
agreement disagreement
disorder order
immunocompetence immunodeficiency
immunodeficiency immunocompetence
instability stability
war peace
hot_war cold_war
cold_war hot_war
disagreement agreement
light dark
dark light
happiness unhappiness
unhappiness happiness
innocence guilt
guilt innocence
balance imbalance
imbalance balance
motion motionlessness
motionlessness motion
action inaction
activity inactivity
activeness inactiveness
inaction action
inactivity activity
inactiveness activeness
drunkenness soberness
soberness drunkenness
wakefulness sleepiness
hypersomnia insomnia
insomnia hypersomnia
sleepiness wakefulness
estrus anestrus
anestrus estrus
hypercapnia hypocapnia
hypocapnia hypercapnia
hyperthermia hypothermia
hypothermia hyperthermia
impotence potence
impotency potency
infertility fertility
good_health ill_health
fertility infertility
potency impotency
potence impotence
ill_health good_health
functional_disorder organic_disorder
organic_disorder functional_disorder
illness wellness
unwellness wellness
hyperparathyroidism hypoparathyroidism
hypoparathyroidism hyperparathyroidism
hypertension hypotension
hypotension hypertension
hyperthyroidism hypothyroidism
hypothyroidism hyperthyroidism
hypervolemia hypovolemia
hypovolemia hypervolemia
hypercalcemia hypocalcemia
hypocalcemia hypercalcemia
hyperkalemia hypokalemia
hypokalemia hyperkalemia
hypernatremia hyponatremia
hyponatremia hypernatremia
hyperpigmentation hypopigmentation
hypopigmentation hyperpigmentation
hyperglycemia hypoglycemia
hypoglycemia hyperglycemia
mental_health mental_illness
sanity insanity
mental_illness mental_health
neurotic_depression psychotic_depression
psychotic_depression neurotic_depression
insanity sanity
depression elation
low_spirits high
elation depression
high low_spirits
separation union
discontinuity continuity
disconnectedness connectedness
incoherence coherence
union separation
connectedness disconnectedness
coherence incoherence
association disassociation
disassociation association
continuity discontinuity
improvement decline
decline improvement
maturity immaturity
ripeness greenness
immaturity maturity
greenness ripeness
prominence obscurity
obscurity prominence
honor dishonor
fame infamy
esteem disesteem
disesteem esteem
repute disrepute
fame infamy
infamy fame
dishonor honor
disrepute repute
infamy fame
comfort discomfort
discomfort comfort
well-being ill-being
wellness illness
wellness unwellness
ill-being well-being
fullness emptiness
solidity hollowness
emptiness fullness
hollowness solidity
perfection imperfection
completeness incompleteness
incompleteness completeness
imperfection perfection
valgus varus
varus valgus
good_fortune misfortune
good_luck bad_luck
strength weakness
weakness strength
success failure
misfortune good_fortune
bad_luck good_luck
failure success
solvency insolvency
insolvency solvency
possibility impossibility
impossibility possibility
purity impurity
impurity purity
wealth poverty
poverty wealth
sanitariness unsanitariness
unsanitariness sanitariness
cleanness dirtiness
orderliness disorderliness
order disorder
tidiness untidiness
dirtiness cleanness
disorderliness orderliness
disorder order
untidiness tidiness
normality abnormality
typicality atypicality
abnormality normality
atypicality typicality
biodegradable_pollution nonbiodegradable_pollution
nonbiodegradable_pollution biodegradable_pollution
anticyclone cyclone
cyclone anticyclone
good_weather bad_weather
bad_weather good_weather
unsusceptibility susceptibility
susceptibility unsusceptibility
wetness dryness
dryness wetness
safety danger
security insecurity
secureness insecureness
danger safety
insecurity security
insecureness secureness
tonicity atonicity
atonicity tonicity
fitness unfitness
soundness unsoundness
unfitness fitness
myopia hyperopia
hyperopia myopia
unsoundness soundness
homozygosity heterozygosity
heterozygosity homozygosity
hypertonia hypotonia
hypertonus hypotonus
hypertonicity hypotonicity
hypotonia hypertonia
hypotonus hypertonus
hypotonicity hypertonicity
hypertonicity hypotonicity
hypotonicity hypertonicity
leaded_gasoline unleaded_gasoline
activator inhibitor
catalyst anticatalyst
inhibitor activator
anticatalyst catalyst
conductor insulator
insulator conductor
exon intron
intron exon
high_explosive low_explosive
low_explosive high_explosive
hard_water soft_water
saltwater fresh_water
fresh_water saltwater
endotoxin exotoxin
exotoxin endotoxin
soft_water hard_water
unleaded_gasoline leaded_gasoline
downtime uptime
uptime downtime
work_time time_off
time_off work_time
past future
future past
workday rest_day
rest_day workday
birth death
death birth
majority minority
minority majority
day night
night day
sunrise sunset
sunset sunrise
summer_solstice winter_solstice
winter_solstice summer_solstice
vernal_equinox autumnal_equinox
autumnal_equinox vernal_equinox
regulation_time overtime
overtime regulation_time
high_season off-season
off-season high_season
rainy_season dry_season
dry_season rainy_season
top bottom
bottom top
beginning end
beginning middle
middle beginning
middle end
end beginning
end middle
acceleration deceleration
deceleration acceleration
